I won the CelebSwap sweepstakes! I was given the chance to take over any celeb (without their knowledge) for however long I want! I chose Gal Gadot, unfortunately she has some plans tonight so hopefully I can play her well! (RP wanted)
My roommate and I were running low on food we went to the grocery store to get some more. Everything was going well until something strange happened. My friend wasn't paying attention and bump into this chick. When they woke up they were acting like each other and are acting like they are normal. RP
The power to alter others at will kind of went to Rylie's head. She made her way down the road one morning, seeing me just minding my business. The urge was too great, and she approached me. Instantly my body changed, and I fell to my knees as a growing desire to please my new mistress formed in me.
You just landed in Japan, not knowing that it would in fact be for you a one-way only trip. Tell me how your first day went, what you did and who you are, and I'll make it so you won't be able to fly back that easily anymore !
OMG
(F4M)🧑‍🤝‍🧑 anyone down for a Meetup 🍆🍑. Let Meetup and have fun hmu on. (S)nap 📲
"Oh all the people you could of chosen, why her?" When you found out your twin brother was dying, you offered a solution. A new body and a new life. Because of your jealousy of him, you picked your neighbor. A single, 39 year old pregnant MILF... (Roleplay open!)
I want to be a female
I got offered the weirdest job… this company would pay for me to live at the beach for six months… but during that time my body would be up for possession… it’s my first day and I’m scared… maybe I shouldn’t do this… (RP)
It's been over a year since my swap class broke had serious issues, none of us were able to swap back for some reason... now, I can finally reveal to all my friends that I'm actually a girl now! It's so nice, being able to move back to my real home... everyone's so much more nice to me now?
My mom's gone from being a shy, Christian housewife to the neighborhood MILF seemingly overnight. I should probably be more worried about her possibly being possessed, but it's hard to concentrate with her looking at me like this from across our pool. [RP]
Now I’m successful I have to be really careful with who I get with, my shapeshifter former roommate will stop at nothing to get me back, the worst part? They know exactly what type of girls I love, the kind that will make me equally in love (RP/AMA)
This is so degrading! My cousin thought it would be funny to turn me into a girl with unnatural level of lust for 24 hours , he even gave me a dildo, it’s so bad that I had to pull over and use it public
While many still see the Great Shift as a disaster, I am one of the few who see it as a massive blessing. That’s probably because I happened to swap into an impossibly rich, gorgeous celebrity. I even decided to start the most profitable OnlyFans ever…
hey swappers! currently looking for someone willing to undergo an experiment that would put them into this little body. there’s a whole lot of *paperwork* but that’s all nonsense! apply in chat, can’t wait to find someone for her!
After swapping bodies with my co-worker, life had become difficult. Swapping with her and realising how hard women had it was an eye opener. One day we were hosting a viewing for a house together and once the customers left we had the house to ourselves. That’s when things got weird…(RP Wanted)
"I bet you're not mad about these now" Eric and his gf Kelsey went to the clinic to swap for a month, but after the second week, Eric went back and decided to upgrade Kelsey's small chest. She wasn't too happy about them at first, but Eric is very persuasive.
Being able to swap my buddies are always trying to get me to go on dates as their crush… anyone want to rp this?
My fantasy football league has high stakes. The punishment this year was to have a bodysuit made of the loser’s sister to be passed around by the group… so you can only imagine the hell of a week I had getting videos like this sent in the group everyday
my girlfriend thought I was cheating on her but she couldn't prove it. it was driving her crazy until she found this spell online. she said it would let her drain away my masculinity for each woman I'd cheated on her with. she didn't realize just how much I did!
“Hey dude, remember Anna your high school sweetheart who rejected you? You’ll never believe who I got in the great swap. I’m gonna do one for my homie and I want offer you that life you always daydreamed about with Anna. Want to give it a try?” (Rp wanted!)
It was odd, I seemed to have accidentally summoned the ghost of a pirate into my friends body… she seems to still be nerdy and shy, but not around me… I wonder what’s changing with her? (RP)
My nerdy virgin friend has been begging me to come to this Convention with hyper realistic cosplays. I'd never had a cosplay good enough to attend, but when he offered to pay I figured 'Why not?' As it turns out, him paying for the transformation gives him total control over me for the whole con! RP
How did you even convince me to take that Xchange pill sis, I get you wanted another girl for your friend group but this is way too much, last night when we went out drinking you guys pushed me into guy and i was drunk and I let him screw me how am I gonna change back huh, I’m freaking out so much
Do you want my body? If I give it to you what do you do with it?
After I lost a bet to you, I had to do whatever you wanted for a week. You asked me to cast a spell to make your crush fall in love with you, but I messed up the incantation and my body transformed into hers. This week is going to be a lot longer than I thought (rp open!)
The only way I could counter my nerdy rival on getting top test score was by using my magic. Though he was still just as smart, he seemed to have new priorites when I made him a rich, stuck up bitch, atleast judging by what he posted on his new snapchat story. (Rp)
I was at the beach about to have a fun day when my body started moving on its own. I began to speak. “It worked! Now I can ruin this bitch’s reputation and body for rejecting me.” Just what the hell is going on?! (RP)
I'd been at out shopping, listening too my loud metal music, in my dark clothes when I overheared a guy whisper "Can tell he probably didn't have a mom growing up." and I turned around instantly. "Oh, so then you must wanna be a Mom too me too show me what its like." I smirk, transforming him (Rp)
Is anyone interested in having a body like this? Do you want 2 swap yours 4 mine?
She got her tip
our coach signed us up for a swapcation that way our bodies could train while we got a well deserved break. I just wish coach had gotten me, his star player, a man's body. my team all got to stay men, hell even our manager got paired with a man.
You're a brilliant meteorologist, but you didn't have to "On-Air presence" to make it as a weatherman. You needed an "On-Air assistant," basically a hot bimbo you could possess for broadcasts. I didn't know it yet, but that's why I was hired.
You're a brilliant meteorologist, but you didn't have the "On-Air presence" to make it as a weatherman. You needed an "On-Air assistant," basically a hot bimbo you could possess for broadcasts. I didn't know it yet, but that's why I was hired.
After my girlfriend and I swapped bodies, she still acted the same. She was still girly. But, every time she got hard and entered my room, she asked me to help her straight away. She begged and even pouted till I agreed. Fuck, she would always cum so quick and I always had to clean up…(RP Wanted)
"Yeah, so basically after my fiance passed I tried to bring him back, but he accidentally possessed my body. So we've been sharing it ever since." I explained. 10 minutes later my date excused himself to the bathroom and never came back. "Why does that always scare them off?"
At your request I hopped into your crushes body. However, an unintended consequence of my inexperience in hopping caused her once modest chest to balloon out.
I was a miserable nerd, nobody knew I existed. I just wanted to be noticed and nobody gets more attention than Maria, the head cheerleader. I managed to possess her divine body and am learning how to act like a girl. I made some alterations to her outfit, I hope you like it.
Second puberty was always difficult for people but you seemed to be doing okay. Still borrowing my clothes like usual but they seem to look even better on you now. "I think I'll keep these for myself." You texted me while I was on my way home. My roommate sure acted different in his new body
My girlfriend and I went to a hotel that promised a once in a lifetime experience. When we woke up the next day, things were different. I was in her body, all too pleased with myself, but the person in my body was not my girlfriend... I suppose I should go find her, whoever she is now.
A princess has run away from her family and is assumed to be hiding as someone else. Unfortunately, her disguise looks just like me and the family kidnapped me and took me to their palace. They say they’re going to “put me back the way I was.” Why don’t they believe me? (RP in chat)
Ever since your bully managed to possess your gf, life was never the same. Day after day, he’d send me pics&amp;vids of himself smashing everyone in my gf’s body. It’s even bad enough that he’s ruining her reputation by being a hooker. It’s only a matter of time until she’s fully used and abused by him.
“I need to confess something honey, I know we’ve been married for a few years now, but I’m not actually the girl who this body belonged to, I’m Nathan your old roommate, I got swapped with this body and tried to be friends with you again but I fell in love with you instead! I’m sorry! Don’t be mad!”
I was one of the most feared samauris with my reputation someone had casted a spell swapping my gender thinking that would stop me (rp wanted)
I was dared to enter a haunted house, but ghosts aren't real. Right? The house was actually haunted. The ghost thought it would be funny to turn me into a lookalike of Daphne from Scooby-Doo. And to make me really horny. An hour later, my friend got worried and followed me to find me like this
I’d just settled in on campus and although I was excited, I missed home. I rang you and asked to meet up, little did I know you had feelings for me, having waited for this chance and you wasn’t going to waste it (RP)
I was nearing my retirement. I was a very rich 70 year old man. Swap clinics were a new thing and I just discovered them. To stay young I decided to search for a young body to swap into. I found you. I was willing to offer you 10 million dollars in exchange for your body.
Hello, maybe the group is not much of this but I need to know if someone could create 3 personalized stories for me, the hotter and more perverted the better the story
My roomie and I were buying some groceries but she saw this girl and since she is a swapper, my roomie decided to steal her body but now she is stuck in that body. It seems that when changing bodies her libido increased(RP)
My nerdy virgin friend has been begging me to come to this Convention with hyper realistic cosplays. I'd never had a cosplay good enough to attend, but when he offered to pay I figured 'Why not?' As it turns out, him paying for the transformation gives him total control over me for the whole con! RP
My nerdy virgin friend has been begging me to come to this Convention with hyper realistic cosplays. I'd never had a cosplay good enough to attend, but when he offered to pay I figured 'Why not?' As it turns out, him paying for the transformation gives him total control over me for the whole con! RP
I was the first to try your new ‘magic mirror’as you said the possibilities were endless. I thought it was dumb so I volunteered.I looked at the mirror before I slowly started to change.By the time I blinked,I was now fully a woman.I turned over to you,”what the hell just happened?How’d it do this!”
I finally got my revenge, using a new patented swap coin, I was able to swap my bully into a pornstars body! Now, I had Safeguards in place, and only Angela would listen to me. As you can see, she loves when I tell her to send me a video of her piling up her breasts. (RP)
Switch bodies with my sister. If you dare, you can do whatever you want with her
It was the weirdest thing seeing a black hole in the middle of the girls locker room as we snuck in. We didn’t even have time to react before it pulled us in. Coming out the other side we figured out it’s a reality where everyone is the opposite gender (Rp open)
My boobs really dont wanna stay in this
I was going out to the beach today to just relax. I was also trying to keep my mind of the fact that my friend seems to have left me. I haven't heard from him in a few weeks. As I relax I see his sister walking on the beach. As I approach her she looks uncomfortable I should talk to her. (RP)
I was being sued for illegally swapping with the british celebrity Emma Watson. This was the final day of the lawsuit and hopefully I'm... "Not Guilty!" Oh thank fuck! Okay, now to go out to the press and answer their questions. (RP)
Mi sister used her magic because I pissed her off by saying that she should be careful with the guys she brings at home and tired of being treated as the little sister, she made me into hers so I could learn a leasson by rewriting all of the reality (RP DM)
When a chemical spill at work feminized my body I got a massive payout and an extended vacation. I decided to head home to spend some time with my parents but things are just so different. mom's treating me like a stranger and dad is practically avoiding me!
Asian side-missionary in sofa
I was always there for the boys before the swap, but now I could be there for them in ways we’d never imagined before. They always come to me after a bad day now and I couldn’t be happier! (RP)
"no no no you need to give me my body back." I say from the hooker's body. after hiring her she asked if I wanted a new experience. I said yes and was suddenly in her body. she's in my body laughing about how stupid I am for agreeing and activating the spell. (RP)
“Wtf you lookin at bub?!” Your mom snarled at you while masturbating. The great shift was possibly your worst nightmare while being at the hospital for a checkup. Little did you know, the person inhabiting your moms body was none other than the old perverted man who was dying in the ICU.
(I'll try to answer every request) The government put in the tap water some substances that should have made the population more resistant to diseases, but in strange cases, people exchanged bodies with other people in which body would you like to wake up?
The Teacher and her Student
I had pioneered a business around my hopping abilities and the rise of OnlyFans. I shaped it as if it was submissions but instead it was all women I had found and hopped. This mount is called Jane and she'll make good for a livestream for my adoring fans. Let's just hope no one interupts me
I sipped on the coffee you gave me, not realizing you laced it with x-change. We were gonna play a game of basketball but you kept looking at me and grinning. “Hold on, I’m almost done” before I turned around. “Isn’t this hoop really high?”
I joined Swap Class hoping to be paired with one of the cheerleaders, instead I got Alex, a nerdy girl. Even worse, the machine broke, meaning I'm stuck as her! Now she gets to enjoy her life as a football star, while I'm left behind by everyone I knew. This sucks... [RP]
Your brother always had all the luck when it came to women, meanwhile you are a helpless virgin. However, you find a recipe on the internet for a possession potion that will let you control the body of whoever drinks it, but will it go your brother or his girlfriend by accident?
My boss called me and my co-worker into her office to tell us she had enough of our bickering between each other. She chanted some sort of spell and all of a sudden I was in my co-worker’s body. She refuses to swap us back. Now what am I supposed to do?!
Tessa should’ve learned to keep her mouth shut, especially to a suspected body hopper. Enraged, he burrowed deep inside of her and used her like a puppet, guiding her back to her car. He didn’t care who watched her…but the hopper felt so good in her that he’s considering staying as Tessa forever.
I had spent the night at my family friend's house after helping her put together some furniture. but this morning I wole up in her bed and when I loooed down I was her. now I can't find her or my body anywhere! (RP)
I always take a pic after shower to post on reddit [f] [24] [f4m]
Mini update! Still don’t feel completely comfortable in my skin but progress has been made, would love to talk about it or to people in similar situations!
It Had Been A Few Days Since You And I Had Seen Each Other, And You Were Adamant On Talking In Person Again. Well, Here I Was, With A Lot To Explain
With Marvel's Phase 4 in full swing, one of the actresses grew tired of their busy schedule and exploited a loophole in their contract to take a vacation. Marvel didn't like this, so they got you to possess that actress and become her permanently. Who'd you end up possessing? (RP)
My fantasy football league has high stakes. The punishment this year was to have a bodysuit made of the loser’s sister to be passed around the group. I wasn’t sure how I felt about it but I ended up winning so I let it go. I had the first turn at it and after slipping in , I couldn’t believe my eyes
I bought a service from the breeders program for one of the women to become my wife, but when I clicked order my vision blacked out when I woke up in a warehouse, I was turned into a milf breeder for men to use and I was shipping out today to be a wife to one of those men, what do I do
You hate your boss so goddamn much, he treats you and his other employees like garbage and makes a killing. Looking for a way to get revenge, you swap bodies with his trophy wife at the company party to try to find ways to humiliate him and redistribute the wealth.
You Wanted To Have A Woman Friend Around The House, But Due To Your Work Schedule, It Wasn’t Fun Or Easy. That’s Where I Came In, Taking The X-Change And Chilling In Your Villa
You could get addicted to this "GenderBend" stuff...
I found what I thought was body wash in the shower, but I guess it was a special cream my sister used to grow her breasts. Well it clearly works. I only rubbed a little on and look at my chest! I figure it will wear off soon, but in the meantime, I’ll wear her clothes since no one’s home. (RP)
My dad was a pretty smart guy and his stuff worked. He'd made a helmet that can turn you into what your partner wanted most. Dad hadn't tried it yet but I wanted to use it for my girlfriend. When I was done I realized I was older, a woman and the helmet was set for my mom. (DM)
I went to bed a dude and woke up as this cute girl! Atleast I got to keep my dick, it’s a lot smaller and won’t stop cumming but I kind of like it this way. (Rp)
(M4ApF) After the witch cursed you, you were fired from your job and you didn't have any more. You turned to me your roommate for help with rent and money, but with your new body you always made sure you paid me in other ways. I think I like this new you even better than the old one. (RP Open)
We were caught sneaking into one of the sorority houses. Before we could explain ourselves a group of girls managed to hold us down and started saying words in some weird language. We both passed out, waking up with our bodies changed as they were putting different clothes on us (Rp dm/chat)
“You’re The One Who Wanted To Go To The Mall For Your Girlfriend. My Body Matches Her Measurements Now, So Relax And Hurry Up. We Don’t Have All Day.” Your Girlfriend Wanted New Clothes And You Didn’t Know Her Size. A Pill Later And Here We Are.
There must've been something in the water. We went to the pool to cool off during the summer. I was the first to jump in. when you, my best friend saw my emerge you gasped. I'd become very feminine but still have my cock. "What's wrong. did I losey trucks?"
When the great shift happened, you weren’t affected but worried so in a panic, you rushed home. As you arrived, nothing could’ve prepared you when you say your brother eating your stepmom out while she sucked on her tit. All you could do is watch in horror and disgust while feeling a bit turned on.
I hate my best friend! We were in a argument and he decided to use a spell to turn me into a naked girl and of course he left me in empty room in my college, as soon as I opened the door I was confronted by one of lecturers and many of my peers
“This might have been a mistake…” I say to myself. A week ago I went to the swap clinic to try out a new body and they randomly paired me up with a 46 year old woman. Well everything would be all fine and dandy had I check the form. She had checked permanent, leaving me as a divorced milf.
Luffy had messed up. He accidently ate a devil fruit which turned him into a woman permanently. At first he was shocked but quickly got over it once he found out tha he still had his rubber powers. Now, she's backing to being her normal self though looking very different~ (rp in dm/comments)
I gave good interviews, at least I was told. When my sister said she needed me to interview for her for a position, I thought she meant just write some talking points up. But the day of the interview I woke up in her body, she walked in with mine, telling me it was online, and in an hour!
lil sis
Is anyone interested in having a body like this? Do you want 2 swap yours 4 mine?
So, like, I was sent to spy on some criminals, and they caught me! They said they wanted to "put me in my place" and used this device that, like, TOTALLY changed me! They all said I'm SO much cuter now than when I was, like, a man, hehe! (rp in comments)
My friend would always say sometimes I had too many girly interests, and he really layed it on thick when I told him I was starting yoga. Well I wanted some payback and told him to join me for one session. Once he put on the outfit I got him, I knew he'd have the urge to show it off too me (Rp)
“What kind of date even is this sis?” I was having no luck trying to get a date,and nobody wanted me.Last night I cried to my sister about my troubles,and she said she’d help.Today I woke up as a girl,and she’s forcing me to go on a date with a man.”Why do I look like this,everyone’s looking at me!”
“I’m not crazy, right? It has gotten bigger, right?” I went through my second puberty. The doctors confirmed it was all over. But now two months later, I had woken up maybe two inches shorter and an ass that certainly looked bigger. I sent a picture to you for you to confirm my suspicions.
You went through Second Puberty and decided you weren't going to let that hold you back from having some fun, even as a girl. You learned how to do make-up and called me over for a hangout. I showed up not knowing if your personality was the same or if you had something else in mind. (RP open)
Our Managing Director in San Francisco abruptly resigned before an important client meeting. We needed an executive to attend in-person. “I don’t care who you send! Get someone to the remote Swap Clinic!” I order, as my secretary makes the ‘travel’ arrangements…
I was excited that I got my crush for swap class but then I found out she was freeuse for her three roommates so she didn't need to pay rent (rp wanted)
Good morning I hope my chocolate drop turns you on (oc)
Last week, I decided to catfish some random guy, pretending to be my sister after taking an X-change. I even got her in on it. It was going fine until he asked to meet. She said yes for me! What do I do?! (Rp)
It was a surprise for the both of us. One moment we were watching a movie, and the next I was on my knees and you had a cock between your legs. The Great Shift had hit us, and we ended up as couple hundreds of miles away in London… I didn’t know if my tits or your cock shocked me more. (RP)
“Bloody hell…” I say in shock after finding myself across the restaurant in this Afghan girl’s body. What just happened? Why was there so much screaming? None of this made sense! (Roleplay)
This is the first summer since swap class screwed up... now that I don't have to attend uni I'm really plunging into being a woman! All my friends wanted a pool day... I think I know why, but the truth is... I love showing off my body. "Guys, are we almost done? it's suuuuper hot here!"
"I guess these little things will have to do" I sighed as a examined my new form. I had attempted to posses Sofia Vergara's curvacious body, but I must have messed up as I am now her petite co-star Sarah Hyland instead.
My cousin had just finished up in the shower and she was walking about without a care in the world. She dragged me to my parents room laughing, as we were talking one of the ornaments zapped us both in the head and we passed out. Next thing I know I’m walking around with me walking behind me.
My friend said he was going to try that new gender drug that changes peoples genders. I told him that it was stupid but he didn't care at all he said he was curious. I came back home and saw this girl standing there she smirks at me. (RP)
We had successfully infiltrated a private school's event by hopping two of the students. We were now in a event that we could only dream to go to, and we are now in bodies of girls who had alot of "Daddy's Money". I couldn't wait to get started and neither could you. We flashed our friend a goodbye
Ever since I started taking X-Change our game nights had changed quite a bit. But were somehow even more fun now! (RP)
It Was Thought That I Would Be Terrible, Posing As Your Girlfriend, But I Never Liked To Lose. Letting You Transform Me, I Decided I Would Prove You And Everyone Wrong.
Last week, your mother disappeared. Your entire family was worried obviously, but today after coming home from school, you find her on your bed. She had a few modifications done, and a wild smile you had never seen before. “Don’t worry… I took very good care of her ‘honey’.” (RP)
I bought a butt plug that supposedly turns you into a woman, I slid it into my butt and felt the changes happen, my breasts formed and bulge turned into a clit, I was fully a woman, but when I took it out I didn’t change back, but for some reason I really want to stick things in my ass
I met this guy online to be my new roommate. He was somewhat mysterious... the first morning he was here as I was brushing my teeth suddenly my body changed. Before I could react, my body froze. The next moment I could move I felt something warm in my mouth, and looking down... I was a woman!?
"Fuck, Tommy, just like that!" Julie and her brother had swapped into their parents during the Great Shift. They wouldn't do anything sexual, grossed out by seeing their parents naked. Horny as hell, they caved after two weeks. Now all they could ask themselves was, "Why didn't we do this sooner?"
My friend and I always got very competitive when our teams played. So when watching the game today, we decided to make it a little more interesting. Loser takes an X-Change. I felt my stomach sink when the final buzzer sounded, my friend smirking as he hands me a pink pill
There was an outbreak at a secret research facility. A parasite of unknown origin had escaped captivity and ran loose in the facility. Eventually it found itself a suitable host and burrowed its way inside her, through her belly button.
I love my wife, but she had a flat chest and I wanted to be with a bustier woman. She refused to get breast surgery, so I tried something drastic... I possessed her and underwent the surgery. I had planned on giving her body back straight away, but I don't think I can give it back now.
My ex girlfriend and I had a bad break up. She cursed me that I need to have sex with a man or I will become more female. At first I was still a normal guy. But days and days later this is me now. Also the longer I go without sex the hornier I get. Dont ask what happens if I sleep with a girl. (RP)
I met a guy online to be my roommate. He was a little weird but I didn't let it bother me. One day while brushing my teeth my body suddenly changed, before I could react I couldn't move. When I finally came to, I felt something warm in my mouth and... I was a woman!?
"Is this girl good enough?" I had racked up quite a debt from borrowing money from you, somewhere in the thousands and I wasn't able to pay it. So using some legal magic you had me sign away my body's rights and made me pick out a new lady one. I wasn't looking forward to working the rest of it off.
The last few weeks haven’t been easy, every decision I have made has been wrong. You offer to take control and help me get my life on track. Now you are doing whatever you like to my body
“No, I’m not going out there”, when you asked me to come to your family reunion I begrudgingly agreed to go as your cousin Annie, instead you swapped me with some chick you met at the gym and wanted me to act like your girlfriend. Meanwhile your whole family was waiting in the other room…
What do you mean your new hormones are kicking into overdrive… you need to stop… noooo… I don’t have a boner I think
(A4AtF) Being the god of my very own world was nice and all, but eventually even complete omnipotence starts to get boring~ I decided to spice things up a little by temporarily wiping my own memory and swapping bodies with a village peasant, curious how he'd pilot my gorgeous form in my absence~
I knew my next door neighbor had a huge crush on me. She always tried to invite me over and chat whenever I came home from work. I just didn't find her cubbier form attractive... but one day I suddenly found myself in her apartment, my body extremley turned on, panties wet. What had she done to me!?
With bodysuits becoming more common, the homeless have been starting to use discarded suits in an attempt to make more than just change.
I can't believe that my best friend got my crush Hannah for swap class. He keeps sending me pictures to tease me. Wait why is he telling me to come over?
Happy birthday! I know you don’t have that many friends so for your birthday I’ve hopped into your crushes body so you can spend the day together.
when I won the lottery my family got together to celebrate. when my cousin called me back to his room il was surprised to see his girlfriend. but then they tackled me during a swap pill down my throat. I slowly turned into her. they left me sitting in her nerdy clothes as they claimed my prize. (RP)
Dealing with the PMS
(RP) 'Hope you don't mind me borrowing this' a text from your boyfriend said, followed by a video of yourself playing with a dildo in the bath tub. It was still so weird knowing your boyfriend was a shapeshifter, but he seemed to be having fun taking your form and experimenting with a female form.
The idea was that changing all the inmates into females would make them more docile and easy to control. As guard, you found out pretty quickly that wasn't the case. (rp)
I went to this all-boys camp for my Church. I noticed my friends changing after a few days, some looked way more feminine. I then took my first shower, it tickles! I feel so happy in this water!
You were just lounging about at your house when suddenly you saw a text from an unknown number with this picture and reading: “Don’t go anywhere Dude, I’m coming over.” Was it a scam, or would you wait to see if this young MILF arrived? (RP)
After the great shift, you were finding it hard being a recently divorced now thick girly dad… it really wasn’t easy and now your step son looks at you differently…he’s visiting this weekend from college…I wonder what will happen😳 (RP wanted)
When your bud said he made some 'modifications' to his bodyhopping machine you never suspected that he also turned into a mind control device. Now you're in his mom's body and find yourself unable to disobey his orders. [RP]
I won the CelebSwap sweepstakes! I was given the chance to take over any celeb (without their knowledge) for however long I want! I chose Gal Gadot, unfortunately she has some plans tonight so hopefully I can play her well! (RP wanted)
it was my aunt's wedding and she was stressed. she asked me to swap bodies with her so she could finish some last minute errands while I was made up as her. the wedding starts in 5 minutes and she isn't back yet. I am about to walk out and marry her fiance. (RP)
We had invented the first prototype of a mind reading machine unfortunately the founds had been retired due to our lack of progress but in order to prove them wrong we took the most logical step, we would test it on ourselves. Who will be the other two subjects?
I couldn't believe that you had actually transformed into this sexy girl for me. The shock made me pass out. When I woke back up I was lying on your lap looking up at you and your new improvements
I decided to test my hopping powers long distance to a woman I met online, and it worked! I was now in control of a total egirl with a fat ass, but unfortunately, I didn’t realize she had a boyfriend who was extremely horny… (RP)
The newest bodysuit models came with a simple yet game changing remote that allowed you to control certain aspects of your new suit. When I upgraded I lost mine, but hopefully I find it before my girlfriend or roommate do... It doesn't take away from how fun these things are!
“You’re finally awake, it took you long enough.” We were spies and we were told that when we woke up the next morning, we’d be in the identities we needed for our mission. I was a beautiful French girl, but who did you wake up as? (RP)
When I turned nineteen, I learned of a curse my family had. Turns out, that I was going to become a woman, and there was nothing I could do about it. This morning, I ended up waking up with a few new sensations, and immediately I texted you. I needed a friend more than ever. (RP)
Would you use me like a fuckdoll ? [f] [24] [f4m]
(M4ApF) I was leaving everything and everyone I knew behind as I moved. Or so I thought... When I was on the plane. I saw the flight attendant giving me a weird look. The dumb smile that my friend Nick always used to have. I guess he was a body hopper and wanted to say a special goodbye. (RP OPEN).
My Family does an annual swap every year this year my aunts and uncles were invited I unfortunately got swapped with my uncle and he keeps sending me pics of me😭
At your request I hopped into your crush’s body, I was still learning how to use this power, and it seems a side effect of my inexperience had caused this asian girl’s once modest chest to balloon out when i possessed her. Rp
(A4AtF) "Hmm, you really want to buy my body? Tell you what, I'll give it to you for free even~ Hmm? Of course there aren't any strings attatched, silly! I totally wasn't trapped in here by a disgusting nerd that's been breeding me non stop and forcing me to do all sorts of slutty poses for him~"
A lab accident caused my professor and I to swap bodies. We said we'd go about the day and figure it our after school, while I sat in her office I couldn't help but have a little fun with my new body. I mean, she'd never know, right? And we can fix this later... right?
This was the first time I’ve tried on woman’s clothes since my second puberty started. I decided to send a picture to my friends group chat to see what they thought. Also so they get use to seeing me like this. (Rp)
After a storm everyone switched bodies with a random person. I noticed I became a mindless bimbo slut, I start feeling my mind going blank as I hear someone enters the room.
Hope you don't mind the view:) [f] [24] [f4m]
I was a big businessman with a lot of money, but one day my secretary seduced me and got me drunk, she stole my body and my life, now I don't know what to do, I have no money and I only remember a few things from my former life. help!
(M4A) You were a gross, old homeless man who suddenly had his life turned around when a college nerd found you and struck a deal~ He had created a machine that would let you possess any girl, giving you back your youth~ You just had to take over his crush' body and serve as his jerk off material~
Me and my GF broke up after she refused to move our relationship forward to a more physical level. Shame really, now I've had to take over her body using this headset I bought online, and her consent is no longer exactly a factor. Love that she's still aware, kicking and screaming in her own head.
I'm going to redo life in a rags-to-riches style. I'll possess a homeless girl and see how rich and powerful I can make her!
I roll my eyes. «If you think that you can scare me with these handcuffs, you should think twice. It’s not my first mission, you know» My mission was just to get into the home, looking like the man’s girlfriend. I didn’t think he’d figure it out this rapidly.
"Come over! Let's hang out. My parents are away for the next month." My buddy had always been a bit strange, but he was rich and I wanted to hang out by the pool. As soon as he opened the door a spray of pink hit me in the face and knocked me out cold. I woke up without my clothes and as a woman
While at the gym I saw this beautiful woman and hopped her. What I didn’t know was that she was trans! The second I moved I felt something between my legs. I think I’m going to like my time as Bailey but im going to finish my workout first then see who “I” have in “my” phone that’s fun.
I'd like to have a bodyswap roleplay with somebody where somebody uses my body and I use my sister's
Regular 25 year old guy's decent into becoming a perverted dirty old man
You wanted to be a popular streamer. I gave you a custom Exchange pill that would help you with that. What I didn't tell you is that it is going to make you a horny little cock loving cum slut permanently. I am sure you wont mind. I have been wanting one as a roommate for a long time now.
Unfortunately, I died in hospital. Desperate to survive, I hopped into the closest body that I could. This happened to be the middle-aged nurse by my bed. The thought of being stuck as a 50-year-old woman disappointed me at first, but after checking out my body fully, I think I could get used to it.
[F4A] Celebrity Emergency Double Service - Euphoria Edition
You wake up to a voice the morning after a big party. “Dude, wake up! Something’s….different.” You look over and see this where your guy best friend was sleeping earlier. (RP)
“this is the tenth time you asked tonight! for the last time NO! i will not be leaving your girlfriend’s body.” after finally perfecting my astral projection i possessed your girlfriend. as roommates, she was always visiting you and making fun of my work! now she’d have to be quiet. RP
My little brother was in love with me, so to get with me he either possessed, x change or get a bodysuit. (rp)
"N-No, mistress, I don-" And just like that, with a sadistic smile plastered on her face, imposter me gladly shoved her dirty, wiggling toes into my mouth 𝘥𝘦𝘴𝘱𝘪𝘵𝘦 my protests. I'm not sure what I did wrong to my cat, exactly, but, whatever it was, it didn't warrant this horrid, smelly prison!
I’m the type of Girl that you can finish inside 😉 [f] [24] [f4m]
I’m still learning to act ladylike, but at least the boys helped me pick out my first swimsuit for my new body. I think this is going to be a fun summer! (RP)
Would you like to have such a freezing function?
Today has been a very strange day, At my friends lab where he works a gas led to everyone switching genders. I'm here to pick him up. This girl hop in the car ans she looks really uncomfortable I'm assuming this is my friend and boy he looks different. (RP)
All natural mom of 3 here (45f)
My parents had to both leave for a business trip for a few months, so my girlfriend’s family offered me to stay at their place. Despite having 8 sisters and just her mom there, it was a nice house, so I gladly accepted. Well, I quickly learned why she has no brothers. (Chat for RP)
(A4AtF) "Hmm, you really want to buy my body? Tell you what, I'll give it to you for free even~ Hmm? Of course there aren't any strings attatched, silly! I totally wasn't trapped in here by a disgusting nerd that's been breeding me non stop and forcing me to do all sorts of slutty poses for him~"
My girlfriend definitely wore the pants in our relationship, and I didn’t mind too much. That is… until she decided that she wanted to be the man and she did some weird spell while I was asleep. The next morning I woke up in her… or should I say his arms! (RP)
okay, maybe if it was the best idea to become a busty woman and open an Onlyfans,but wasn't it easier for you, being a woman, to do it?well at least now we have these house, we always go to Italy and we have everything we want,all just to see me pretty for the boys,yes it was good🍒🥳
It was shady, underground and top secret but we were desperate. Poor men in need of cash, met by strange men in suits offering a chance: become a girl and be owned by a rich man for a year. I needed to support my family after my dad died. And now, my face is on screen at the auction (LITERATE RP)
I was resting and watching Billy's new song and suddenly I found myself in front of someone taking pictures I was confused and didn't realize what was happening until someone called me Billy I was shocked and didn't know what to do
When you heard your dad was teaching swap class this year you didn't think much of it. that is until he got an uneven class, He's supposed to be respectful and mature about this but you knew he was enjoying it too much when you walked in on him wearing this!
It Was More Than Fun For Me To Hang Out With You After The Transformation, Finally After Weeks Now Using My New Body. It Didn’t Seem Like You Minded Either.
My car broke down the other day and I have had to walk to work 40 minutes each day since as I can’t afford a new one.. that was until while I was walking a spirt came along saying “one wish… what will it be?” I hastily wished for my dream car and now I am like this, at least I have my Benz right?
I was going on a flight from my hometown to Hawaii. As I got on the plane I misread my ticket and got onto the wrong seat. As I sat down I got transformed into the girl that actually had the seat! What should I do?
“Caroline get in the car we need to go home” after a stormy night I swapped with the neighbors mom and it’s been hard adjusting “look I know I’m not actually your mom but I still want you to be safe so please just get in so we can go back home”
I still could not believe my punishment. This body...my whole life transformed. My wife was tired of mothering me like I was a teenager. So she made me one. Hanna was my new name,and I need to get ready for the day before she takes me to school.(RP/AMA)
As soon as he began to touch my tits, I knew it would be over for the both of us. He doesnt know better, he’s a sad, lonely, desperate man. And I’m a malleable doll in his hands. My curse of submission makes it impossible to tell him no, so now, I just have to clench my jaw and try to enjoy this
My sister was jealous of my relationship with my girlfriend, so she decided to try and ruin it by swapping their bodies. But my girlfriends body is still attracted to me even with mom in it. And my girlfriend doesn’t care about her new body and still wants to be together. Role Play wanted
While I was drunk, I told this girl I'd love to see my cum on her face... and she agreed! Of course, I didn't think she was going to forcefully swap bodies and make me suck off my own body... or that she'd run off in my body, leaving me stuck in hers...
"Dude, why do you keep sending me pictures of your girlfriend?" I ask my best friend over the phone. "She is such a bore in bed, why don't you possess her again and we have some fun?😏" "Fine but this time it's seriously the last time!" I say to him in person after possessing his girlfriend.
Looking for old caption
Ah, isn't life just great? Especially when you've "just" stolen your abusive owner's body! No, but really, wow, even though she has sh*tty morals, does she have an amazing figure. Well, time to enjoy lounging by, and keeping that animal out of, the pool for the rest of my newly extended life!
"Yo, Mandy, like what you see?," my former voice boomed from behind me. I ran on my four furry legs and saw it: Her muscles. Her toned stomach. Her shapely legs. Her towering posture. "YES, I LIKE IT!," was what ran through my animal brain, being glad to have made our swap "vacation" permanent.
My gf brought me some new sun screen. I’m not sure what was in it but everyone was staring at me at the beach.
Swap Class wasn’t very fun at university. You could become anyone, from anywhere, and I learned that the hard way. I hadn’t expected to become the Boricua sophomore named Isabela, but here I was, and I had just came to our dorm with some bad news, ready to ask me what it is? (RP)
I had a love hate relationship with Physics. I hated the subject but loved the Teacher Ms Adams. I was luckily just getting a hand of my new hopping abilities. So I got myself in detention just so I could hop her. Now a physics lesson of our own, how much will these tits bounce (RP)
We are a spy duo sent to investigate a gangster clan. To do this, the spy service decides to change us into a mother (you, Megan) and daughter (me, Emma) to infiltrate the gang's town undetected. We have a house to live in and have to live a "normal" life while investigating. (rp in chat/ no incest)
I had just wanted to watch some porn but I blacked out and suddenly found myself in the body of a Japanese woman being grinded on in public. I need to find a way out but I just can’t seem to stop myself from rubbing my hips against his huge cock… (rp/dm)
Asian beauty
Me and my dad would always be challenging each other to bets but this one really pushed the boat out, he found this scroll in my granny's old things and it has the power to swap people's body's, my challenge spend a month as Demi Lovato and if I win I get the family heirlooms(RP)
The swap hotel is quite the experience. Each room has a default body. So I’m in room 114 in Emma’s body. Whoever was in her body last left her room a mess. RP with me or tell me what room number you’d stay in and I’ll tell you about that body.
"No, I told you, it's not that I wanted to be a girl, female bodies just sell for more on the body flipper market." I said with a sigh. you wouldn't have thought that your brother would get into body selling but here he was, selling his own body...and going about 3k in debt.
I invented a device that let people momentarily exist as someone else for a period of time. I finally targeted the girl of my dreams, hitting go and waking up. These things are more glorious than I could've imagined... I wonder if she sees me doing all of this. Ah, who cares.
Even after hitting your second puberty you couldn't stop bullying me around. I thought things would go much easier but now I'm rock hard when you yell at me. It's honestly weird how much you enjoy touching it.
Ever since I found out I can shapeshift by wearing someones clothes I've been volunteering to housesit at for everyone just to get my hands on more clothes. This house is a treasure trove, 4 girls and they're away for a full month. I'm thinking I might mix and match to create a custom body.
I was heartbroken when my girlfriend revealed to me that she had found out she was a lesbian. We broke up, and I cried for days. However, an old woman heard my sorrows and decided I deserved happiness. She turned me into a girl, and my girlfriend happily accepted me back. Our relationship is great!
Oh who am I and why am I in your house? Sorry I forgot to tell you, i remember when you said you didn’t know your mom when you were younger so here I am, I used my reality changing remote to turn my self into a woman and that woman happened to be your mom, now come give mommy a hug I miss you
We are protected witnesses awaiting the trial of a major mafia criminal. To protect us we have been given bodies and lives, you are my mother Megan and I am your daughter Emma. We have to live our lives as normal without being detected (rp in dm and no incest)
(M4F) Body swap chat and RP
Six months ago I made a wish to 'Live a better life'... turns out that meant turning me into an alternate version of myself! I was a struggling student as a male, but as a woman I was topping College gymnastics! Now I just need a boyfriend... or girlfriend!
You and I were best friends and a explorers one day we explored and abandoned temple when we both touched a magical object at the same time the world spun and we woke up in a new reality… I was a girl now… your girl… (Rp:)
I was getting dressed in the morning for a run when I found a strange pair of... were these leggings? Well it was chilly out. I figured I would wear them under my shorts. As I pulled them on I felt energy run through my body. Looking down, I realized I now looked completely different!
I’d been wearing my sister’s clothes for years. Fabric against my skin made me hard when playing dressup. I mustn’t leak precum in case she noticed! It was hard finding her clothes that fit me enough to make me passable. I just WISH I could perfectly fit into her clothes! Huh? I’m.. I’m.. her?
[F2F] [RP] I slowly stirred awake. Something didn't feel right. Why was I laying on the sofa in my mom's lingerie? Then I remember the wish I made, that my mom would understand what it's like to be me. That must of swapped us! That must mean she's off with my boyfriend and I'm...
When I first swapped with Violet, I didn’t know who she was, but now that I have i’ve learned two things; 1, she’s a total egirl, and 2, her ass is amazing! I sent her a picture I took while I was in her body and she said she was coming over to deal with me… (RP)
You’d struggled to find a date for your sisters wedding, and decided to bring me along as your plus one instead. After several messages telling me we were going to be late, I finally show up at your hotel room in my new body (RP)
I went to be a regular guy, no worries in the world... Well this morning I've woken up as Taylor Swift and I have no idea what to do (RP)
I was resting and watching Billy's new song, and suddenly I found myself in front of someone taking pictures. I was confused and didn't realize what was happening until he called me Billy.
You couldn't belive it, swimming around in a bikini with a pair of tits was your Father! he'd been diagnosed with second puberty right before you left for college and when you came back he was unrecognizable! "hey kiddo! why don't you get into some trunks and join me?" I asked with a grin.
You've been my friend for a while and have developed the biggest crush on me even though I'm not interested. Finally you get fed up and hatch a plan: Getting me to agree to a “blind date” and buying a suit I can’t resist
Welcome everyone, I know you know that a week ago I was forced an Xchange race pill and the next day wasn’t able to change back and I see you all had a nice dinner so here’s the surprise you all just drank water laced with Xchange race pills have fun everyone
“How did i do on my outfit?” I text my girlfriend. We swapped bodies to see what the others life was like and she expected me to send updates on what clothes I wore
I was so grateful the guys had helped me save up to get X-change, but I wasn’t prepared for how quickly (and often) they expected repayment.
Family Reunion time! Someone mixed a drink and it caused everyone to swap bodies! Who are you and who do you become?
“S-son s-slow down.” My mom grunts out from my former male body as I ride her. I had created a swap device and it had malfunctioned and my mom and I had swapped bodies. Naturally, she got her first boner and dealt with it herself, but as the days went by she started asking me to help…(RP WANTED)
"w-wait, what are you doing, why are you naked. Recently the great swap swapped me with my sister, and I can tell she/he has been a bit..pent up. Now it seemed they were giving in to their urges after seeing her old body in the bath
Your gf wanted to try sex as a male so you both took swapping pills. She's excited about the power she has, and you're loving the orgasms she gives you. But she has never cum as a guy before and didn't realize untilit was way too late, pumping it more and more inside you. You're now stuck this way.
you came up with a billion dollar idea I tried to steal it so you had to think of a way to get rid of me you turned me into a girl it was the release party and you were having all your rich friends over so you made me dress up and serve everyone and you were gonna make me into your girlfriend
Melany and Wendy invited me to a sleepover at their house,but their mother didn't let me pass for I'm the only guy ,so Wendy did a spell that took away all my manhood making me a busty woman,now I'm at the sleepover but I've ignored to Melany and Wendy for playing with my huge tits,the best day🍒💗🥳
Chris was a stunt double for women actresses. So he got to play all different actresses for different movies. However I had lost a bet to one of my directors so I had to come to their house dressed in the suit or else I’d be fired. Once I arrived he had put a lock on the suit. (Rp chat/dm)
I look across the table at your beautiful smile and body. “I’m having a great time with you Alyssa.” I say with my own smile, but in reality, you weren’t Alyssa. You were her brother who swapped bodies for a date with the ‘weirdo’. So why were actually having a good time with me? (RP)
With Marvel's Phase 4 in full swing and all the projects being made at the same time, there were a ton of rewrites and reshoots. This lead to loads of scheduling conflicts. This got to such a point where Marvel had to replace all the actresses with skinsuit doubles. Who'd you end up doubling as?(RP)
Decided to try out this spell I found online to possess my younger sister. Cant believe I can just peek down her top without her consent. Going to be awkward later though since I think she's still fully aware.
The last thing I’d expected was for you to turn me into an exact copy of some blonde chav, after years of being single (RP)
Our daughters made a wish that we'd be trapped in their bodies until we realise how difficult their lives are. This is us waking at 11am while they go to work in our bodies. They expected a freaky friday but it might be a freaky few years before we concede that their lives are anything but perfect
“God this dress is so tight…” I had been swapped into your gf’s body. At first I would dress in baggy clothes but lately you’ve been starting to feel pent up so you decide to start teaching me how to fulfil my new role in her place. Having me wear her clothes was just the first step… (rp/dm)
I was relaxing at home when the great shif happened I got put in the body of this dumb chav girl in a different country. I don't know what I should do (rp wanted)
All natural mom of 3 here (45f)
I was in crazy debt after gambling incorrectly. The debt collector told me I could do different jobs in order to pay back my debts. My first job was to serve as a sugar baby to rich businessman. This was barely a uniform, but it’d be fine. I was anxious waiting for you
We were a small modeling company. I was the only model and my boss had the idea to try having me model as a female with my smaller frame. After weeks of prep, I posed for the photos but I still had doubts, “are you sure this is worth it? I’m still worried. Could you also please loosen the corset”.
As I watched my stepsister storm up the driveway in my body, I smiled. We had swapped bodies after she claimed that I was living life on easy mode. So we swapped and she had to go to my job and as she was working, I had sent her a chain of texts. Now she knows how HARD my life really is…(RP Wanted)
I asked my friend: "Mia, where do you get the will to have such a strict exercise regiment and keep those shredded abs? I can barely bring myself to get out of bed!" She replied: "Do you want me to let you in on a secret? Coregasms! Do you wanna swap and try it out?" Gym wasn't ever be the same!
"Ok boys, now you're going to be good little pets this week, aren't you? And if you show Mistress that you can be cute, obedient pets for your old bodies, then maybe she'll let you back into them!" said the witch.
okay, maybe if it was the best idea to become a busty woman and open an Onlyfans,but wasn't it easier for you, being a woman, to do it?well at least now we have these house, we always go to Italy and we have everything we want,all just to see me pretty for the boys,yes it was good🍒🥳
"Your mom has a perfect body, we could keep fucking all day!" Your bully and your own mother said in unison. An accident happened that day synching their minds, little by little your bully mind start to overwheel her will, and now she and he are one. "Wait till my friends meet my brand new toy."
I’ve been bullied by this jock and his alt girlfriend for months, but unfortunately for him, he didn’t know I have hopping powers. I’ve been living in his girlfriend’s body for weeks now!
Our mother and our aunt had come to a conclusion, they deserve to get their youth back. In order to achieve it they decided on casting a spell at the family dinner. They intended to posses the bodies of our girlfriends but the spell misfuncition and started to swap everyone at the table (Rp)
A Spooky Island Request
I could feel her eyes on me, my friend hadn't wanted to go on this trip alone but felt weird inviting a guy, so she turned me into this (left)! Now she's telling me I have to play the part, or else she will change more... But I don't wanna flirt with these guys at the bar!
Lots of celebrities have failsafes for when they're in danger. Lizzie's for example, is a swap pill embedded in a fake tooth that when taken will put me in her body. She accidentally took it mid shoot and with no way to communicate I have to keep going... This going to be weird (RP).
My favorite streamer was running an event where you were able to borrow her body for a few seconds per donation. Luckily, right as I took control, the account was shut down due to breaking community guidelines, meaning I got to keep the body!
My favorite streamer was running an event where you were able to borrow her body for a few seconds per donation. Luckily, right as I took control, the account was shut down due to breaking community guidelines, meaning I got to keep the body!
Someone make a swap story with this
You've been my friend for a while now and have the biggest crush on me. However I've made it clear that I'm not interested. Finally you get fed up and hatch a plan: Getting me to agree to a “blind date” and buying a suit I can’t resist (rp)
I'm sorry I didn't tell you before but if I broke up with you it was because I wanted to start from scratch,now I'm finally a woman and I have more boobs than you,now excuse me but this girl has a trip to Spain to live there from now on,so take care, this busty girl has an important trip dear🍒🇪🇸💗
I roll my eyes. “Listen pal this ain’t my first rodeo, you’re not first guy to tie me down and leave me for dead.” My mission was simple infiltrate the home, posing as the man’s girlfriend. I didn’t think he’d figure it out this quickly.
Yesterday was our first day of swap class, I was so happy getting Katie’s body, the whole day felt like a dream. It didn’t feel real til I woke up the next day in her bed and actually had to dress myself. I tossed my phone on the table and took a good look at myself, this is really happening
With Marvel's Phase 4 in full swing and all the projects being made at the same time, there were a ton of rewrites and reshoots. This lead to loads of scheduling conflicts. This got to such a point where Marvel had to replace all the actresses with skinsuit doubles. Who'd you end up doubling as?(RP)
You always teased me, making lewd remarks about my body. I was about sick of it, and I made us swap bodies so you could know how it felt being a woman now.
I'd been working on a spell with a friend of mine that was supposed to give him the genes of our handsome neighbor since he was such a nerd. Well turns out the blonde hair was his daughters and he's sorta changed alot. (Rp)
As an event, multiple celebrities were given very expensive full body skinsuits and invited onto stage and asked questions as to who they actually were. If you guessed correctly as to who they really were, you could either get the skinsuit the celebrity was wearing, or who they actually were. (RP)
We are protected witnesses awaiting the trial of a major mafia criminal. To protect us we have been given bodies and lives, you are my mother Megan and I am your daughter Emma. We have to live our lives as normal without being detected (rp in chat and no incest)
Why had I agreed to this stupid bet? A game of pool and the loser takes an x-change pill. I kept losing so the forfeits kept getting worse and now I’m playing naked. My buddies are loving things though! (RP)
"Augh, my head hurts, what happened? ...Oh, hey there, babe. What's up?," my girlfriend Vallerie said, woozly and nervously, after a sudden, mysterious gust passed through. I became suspicious of "her," wondering who, or what, was REALLY in there...yet, also found her hotter than before...
[RP] Who wants to swap with my mom?!
My boss was a absolute bitch, she kept belittling me at work and threaten me if I ever tried to do anything about it. She then tried to fire me and I wouldn't have it. So I found a stone that let me swap bodies with her. Now she will feel small and I'll get to use her like she used me (RP)
My neighbours and I all got together to make a weird bet. We would pull names out of a hat and whoever’s we got we’d have to stay in their body the longest. I got Cassie the lonely girl at the end of the street, I don’t think this’ll be all that hard you know. I mean it’s pretty fun with these.
Coming back from the gym, oops WTF
I was by the pool when lightning struck nearby. The storm must've been strong because the flash seemed to have blinded me. When I was able to see again, I realized that I wasn't in my own body! I must've swapped with the only other person here, and I think I see my old body coming into the pool..
Big fat cock
My best friend and I were talking about summer break. “Probably just play video games until next semester, wish it was different.” I said making him smirk. He clicked his fingers and I began to turn into a girl! He said that I’d get addicted to cock and this summer I’d be the slut around town. (RP)
A student wanted to know what it's like to be a woman and searched the internet. He found a site online that allowed him to rent a woman's body on conditions. but what he didn't know is that the condition is to do her job as a prostitute (rp in dm)
The role exchanger came to town. I swapped age and gender with an older neighbor and boobs with a very lucky woman. So I basically look like a milf version of my mom, who's not a milf by any means, while nobody else in the family was affected... This is not how we expected family game night to go...
I went to bed last night jerking off to my roommate’s girlfriend and woke up to the sound of him snoring right next to me! By the time I realized what had happened, I heard him starting to wake up and immediately pretended to be asleep. That’s when I felt his hands on my waist, lowering my shorts
After switching bodies with my sister I discovered she has a pretty insatiable sex drive. Not knowing what to do I start taking nudes and sending them to my buddies. They don't know it's me, and three of them are on their way over! Knowing them they will definitely use my body, hope she doesn't mind
You Had Wanted To Go To The Mall, But Found Out Quickly That You Had Nobody To Go With That Would Try On The Girl Clothes. An X-Change Here, And That Person Became Me, Now Moreso In A Rush To Leave.
Look at the size of these. She hit the genetic lottery and I hit the body lottery. After falling off a cliff, the impact ejected my soul so hard, I flew around, eventually landing inside of this beauty. Death isn’t so bad. Now I can just play with my new boobs my whole second life
I signed up for a government experiment where they were testing to see if they could create real life superheroes. I was assigned Spider-Man. But somehow the DNA got contaminated and I became a female. Good news though, I do have powers! (RP)
We both were huge anime geeks our favourite one being Naruto one night while dreaming we get transported into the Narutoverse while you get your dream body if sasuke…I became a female Naruto! (Rp:)
The role exchanger really did a number on our town. I woke up with this one morning. No idea who it used to belong to or who now has my pussy. That said I’m starting to enjoy it.. (RP)
(DM for RP) My best friend had told me that he had the best Halloween Costume. He told me that I should go as Mr. Incredible. I scoffed at the idea but agreed reluctantly. What I didn't know is that he knocked out Elastagirl and climbed inside her and made her a costume for him to wear.
I went out to have dinner with my best friend, and everything was going fine until the lights suddenly went out. After the lights come back on after a few minutes, I realize instead of my friend, there was a busty british redhead in his place who believed her name was Sarah. (RP)
(Dm/RP). I live in a house with my mom, dad, and brother. Unfortunately my mom always wanted to have a girl. She made a deal with some witch and ended up forcing me to become a girl. For some reason I get horny when my brother wears sweat pants though….
the guys made costumes for Halloween and they didn't invite me, so my sister joined me to her group of friends, at first I thought it would be a handsome Egyptian man, but when my sister took out the feminizing pills I knew I would wear a bra all night,It doesn't matter I'm a busty beautiful woman🍒
(M4A) You couldn't help but shudder as you gazed into the mirror, admiring your new body and the smug grin that you had practiced for over half an hour now~ On your deathbed, you found yourself transported into your 18 year old grandaughter's body, oh the things you could do with such a cheeky face~
(A4F) You hated your roommate~ You were a lesbian and he was a gross, misogynistic, perverted incel who you couldn't help but stare at disgust whenever the two of you were in the same room... That was until he got afflicted with a gender swap flu... Now your relationship's grown far, far closer~
I sent you the selfie of me. “Do you believe me now? That stupid machine of yours actually worked”. I couldn’t believe it at all. “I look like a legit girl man, even all my clothes and everything’s changed. You gotta change me back”.
“Can you let me back in! It’s getting dark soon”. I couldn’t believe that after you turned me into a girl, that you would kick me out. “Look your being unreasonable, you have to let me back in. Where am I even gonna go?”
The 13th floor is home to many types of supernatural beings. Some are malevolent and wat to take over human bodies, but some like Martho are mischievous. He would switch the bodies of people on the elevator, pleased as he watched a closeted pervert have fun in the body of an innocent woman.
“This is so embarrassing” I said trying not to catch attention. I was a huge introvert and I never left the house. You wanted me to come out for a game but I didn’t wanna go. I didn’t expect you’d go to the length of putting an x-change pill to force me to go, “what if someone sees me”.
“Mom… this is so embarrassing, you can’tbe serious” as I adjusted myself before you started recording.You found out I cheated on my girlfriend and found it acceptable. Now you dressed me up… for me to make an apology video to her. “The whole school will find out. My street cred will be gone”.
Someone had brought a body swap gun to a comic con, and chaos broke out. While you were hiding, the gun fell towards your feet and you picked it up. Who did you choose to swap yourself with? Or maybe you swapped with someone not featured (Your choice)
You're a young witch still at university, your mum was dying. So you decide to take a random guy (me) and transfer his soul into your mother's body, so that she would live and then brainwash me into believing that I really am. (Me in the first pic, you in the second one) rp in dm, no incest.
Mae-Lei was part of my social, race and gender studies group, she asked me to take part in an experiment, and the first thing I asked was 'What is involved?' She said as long as I agreed not to worry and I woke up feeling sticky.. what the fuck is this between my legs? (RP)
I had an heartattack. My wife drove me to the nearest hospital but to no avail. My soul left my body. But I realized I had become a ghost. I could go through walls but I thought to myself «Can I possess people?». I first tried this nurse and look at this body she’s been hiding under her clothes
POV: You lost a bet with me, meaning you lose body privileges~ this is me teasing you with your own body via messages (RP/DM)
POV: You lost a bet with me, meaning you lose body privileges~ this is me teasing you with your own body via messages (RP/DM)
To teach a lesson how it feels to be cheated on I turned myself into a girl and stated seeing the boy my GF was going out with. The plan was to confront her but I got addicted to him. So I decided I am gonna keep both of them for me.
I asked my best friend to go to a party with me. Both of us just two guys who worked in tech. Tonight was a full moon and the party was crazy. We notice during the night fewer and fewer men but many more women showing up. Unknowing to us a werebimbo had shown up. (RP)
I promised I'd only use my Body Hopping powers for good, but Bella here was being such a cunt she left me no choice. I can't wait for the Internet to see how much of a slut I'm about to make you become, Bella. Don't worry, if this video is received well I'll film another, sluttier one in her body 😈
I was stuck in a fucked up love triangle. I loved Katie, she was my crush, unfortunately she didn't like me back but had the hots for my sister Becky. Jealous of the attention, I swapped bodies with Becky, only temporarily so I can have time with Katie. I didn't feel good about it, well until now
I promised I'd only use my Body Hopping powers for good, but Bella here was being such a cunt she left me no choice. I can't wait for the Internet to see how much of a slut I'm about to make you become, Bella. Don't worry, if this video is received well I'll film another, sluttier one in her body 😈
My roommate was transman who wished they could've been born male. So using a spellbook, they tried to rewrite history. What they didn't expect was that the whole world would change. I was now a rich heiress and he was now a fugitive. We need to find this world's spellbook and fix it! (LITERATE RP)
You got a new message:"First she cheated on me, then she blames me for breaking up with her and now this! My ex swapped our bodies and no matter how much I search there seems to be no way back. Please dude I need your help"
we were playing truth or dare and you got dare. so i dared you to drink a cursed potion and now you turn into my dream girl
I wasn’t into dating at the time but my neighbor found a loop hole to getting my interest, she swapped our bodies and is forcing me to date her for my male body back “morning honey how are you” I say the next morning after waking up next to my neighbor “question, when are we swapping back”
(RP) Getting stuck with your own brother as a Swap Class partner was hell. He's been having a blast messing around in your body, even inviting some of your girlfriends over to swim in the backyard pool. When you came outside to yell at him he walked over and cupped his tits. "Hey sis! Miss these?"
You Told Me You Wanted To Practice Your Ability To Be A Tutor, And I Wanted To Help You, So I Set My House Up Just For It. Using Your Remote, I Even Changed Myself Into A Woman, And Put On Your School’s Uniform. We Would Be Ready For It Now.
Since this sub seemed to enjoy what I was teasing here in Bella's body... To answer your question— Yes! Her tits do feel just as amazing as they look! Maybe her pussy gets some camera time next? 👅 Any thoughts about what I should do next while I'm borrowing her skin?
(Rp/dm) I was at my gfs house when there was an accident that swapped everyone. I wound up in her older sister Kim‘s body and whoever’s in her boyfriends body seems pretty intent on having us act out our new roles, its getting hard to say no… I can feel myself becoming more like her by the second
You had been on many dates as a guy and never in a million years thought of asking for a bj on the first date. Now that you've changed into a woman, you're shocked at how expected it is for you to get on your knees at the end of the night. Sad part is, you're getting better at it.
what do you say?, you are envious because you are no longer the busiest in the family? , you know that I always wanted to be a busty woman,now I am the woman with the most boobs here, just watch how these huge breasts bounce, be careful because maybe I'll even lower your boyfriend dick honey🍒😂💗
Woke up in the morning and everything was different. Haven’t gotten out of bed all day to figure out what was going on, either.
As long as I can remember, I’ve wanted to restart my life as a girl. After my wife passed away, my ‘dates’ were really all to find who I wanted to be my new mom. My daughter is off to college, so I just went to the swap clinic. I am now a 19 year old girl named Nicole. (RP/ama)
We got to select our temporary bodies for a beach vacation. I figured it would be the only time in my life to try out being a girl and I figured everyone else would do the same. But now I’m surrounded by muscular guys with big cocks. (RP)
I (left) wanted to get on the cheer team like my older sister (right), but they decided to make me the mascot. I was envious of my sister's popularity &amp; better looks. One night, seeing a shooting star, I wished my life was like my sister's while at the same time, my sister wished to have my 3.8 GPA.
Give me your idea for a new “body swap event”
I'm a very insecure person, when I got the feeling that my girlfriend was cheating on me, I didn't know what else to do. I asked my friend's mother if she could help me. now we have switched bodies so that I can observe them undisturbed. But her mother in my body is weird (rp in dm)
I thought possessing this VTuber would be fun. And it seems like she's into it, too! [OC]
“Well done, boys, now scram and take that broad with you.” Luca orders, hanging up the phone Lucille tried to use to call for help. “Don Capruzzo should be home soon. If you don’t want to see the walls painted, you’ll come back tomorrow and get me after the hit is done. Cupisce?”
We had both taken X-CHANGE pills to make ourselves more muscular. Well, because we got them from a shady guy, he gave us ones that made us girls. (Choose your pill)
I had never even touched a cock other than my old one. We still don’t know what happened, but you were kind enough to let me experiment as my new urges took over.
It had been a few years now since the great shift. I'd been living a normal life in the body that I was put into, that was until everyone who had been shifted swapped back to their original bodies.. it seems my body had been inhabited by a girl who wanted to try and be more like she was used to..
Wanna talk how I could be transformed into items/objects for (trans-) women ? KIK K1ng_11
“Oh Louise… your body is aching for my touch… your- no, MY BODY loves me!” I hear myself say aloud. I had signed up for an experiment, something about nerve recovery, I didn’t pay much attention to it due to the pay. Next thing I know, some guy is in my body, controlling me! I can’t stop him, help!
We have been transported to another universe where you are my single mother and I am your daughter. We don't remember anything from before and live our lives as if everything is normal (rp in dm)
I promised I'd only use my Body Hopping powers for good, but Bella here was being such a cunt she left me no choice. I can't wait for the Internet to see how much of a slut I'm about to make you become, Bella. Don't worry, if this video is received well I'll film another, sluttier one in her body 😈
As Avani was about to blow out her candle I surprised her by secretly taking over her body and now her life was mine. I blew out my candle and was ready to show off my tits.
We were best friends and we decided to head to the beach. Little did we know the springs next to it had leaked in and you I'm the water and came out chaned.. Turns out your libido was super high....(rp dms)
So, this is my new identity after my life with the mob fell apart. Luckily I still had friends in the force to help me. They placed me with another person in swap protection, and I’m meeting him for the first time. (Rp)
Bullying Was Certainly Something I Was Exceptionally Good At. I Never Failed At It, I Always Seemed To Get On People’s Nerves, And You Were No Different. However, Your Remote Was, And I Went From Handsome Jock To Sexy Damsel. Not Good.
The spell I cast so that I could be my son's prom date failed to turn me back in the morning... I hope he doesn't take the news too badly that his dad only did this to boost his confidence and is now stuck
(M4ApTF) You'd let out a smirk as you looked up and caught your roommate staring at your new, perfectly shaped tits~ You had recently gotten top surgery, and oh boy did the doctors know what they were doing! "He he~ Dude, if you want to play with my tits, just ask~" You'd tease, pulling on your top~
"Admit it we're lost" i said annoyed. We was hiking through a jungle and i fell down a small hill into a river, i was gone for a hours until eventually you saw a lost naked girl in the distance which was me. When i fell i got bit by a poisonous insect that somehow turned me into a female(Rp)
My new body was a big hit among my buds. I couldn't just keep teasing them. So now whenever they're horny ihelp them out.
After I was poisoned with a gender swap serum, there was a huge investigation done as to who, and why... turns out it was my girlfriends stalker! He thought turning me female would mean my girlfriend would leave me... but now I'm just as pretty as her, and she was Bi anyway! (Rp in chat)
You were my bully In high school but after I got some remote I ordered from the internet I could change reality and now you look like that and do as I say
I was all set to come home after soccer practice, with my mom already parked and waiting to pick me up. Unfortunately one of my team mates was a hopper and jumped in my mother. I walked up to the car seeing my mom pleasuring herself. "Nick is that you?" I shouted sternly "Get out of my mom now!"
Hi, I'm experimenting with my new wizard powers. I can change your body but in exchange you have to tell me what happens in your new life in this new body. If you are willing contact me in dm and choose a number from 0 to 9 (it will determine your future body)
It was hard for you to keep a straight face when you were texting with your "girlfriend". After all, you had been the one who secretly swapped her with your bully, who she had been secretly sleeping with. He was doing his best to play the part while she tried to find out how it happened. (RP)
"This is so fucked up," you think to yourself as you strip your mom's body. You and her had recently managed to get your bully expelled, and now he's taken revenge by forcing your soul into your mom's body. Now, to be yourself again, you have to do whatever he says..
COVID has made it really hard for me to support my family. So I’ve been taking xchange and started cosplaying for some money. It brings in a good amount, though my photographer of a son as taken a liking to fucking me in my cosplay after the shoot (Rp)
You've been my friend for a while now and have the biggest crush on me. However I've made it clear that I'm not interested. You decide to take matters into your own hands and buy a suit I can't ignore (RP)
My sister told me that she had a great person for me to go on a date with. I told her I’d go on the date if the girl was hot and she smiled and agreed. I knew it was too good to be true. I sent her the photo, “what did you even do! How did you make me into the girl! I’m not going on a date!”
For getting a 4.0 this semester, you decided to reward me by taking me on vacation this year..You told me to finish the drink before I met with you, I didn’t know you laced it with a pill. “sorry I’m late, I didn’t even have time to finish the drink” I laughed. My voice didn’t change yet
This was the last sight I was left with. My body groping itself as a parting gift to me. As an explorer you see many things and mess with many artefacts, well this one seemed to swap my body with my partner and now he’s leaving me to live my life.
I held on tightly to the table as my mind raced and my body burned. They weren't kidding, this new virus that was going around was quite the doozy. They claimed there were strange side effects, like it could alter your DNA, but I just felt like I had a head cold, I hadn't seen what it had done to me
It had been days since the freak storm at the lake caused my sister and I to swap bodies. Everyone else seemed normal, so we tried to act natural. I tried to read up on phenomenon like this but couldn't find any hard evidence it was real. Apparently the lake was cursed, and if we needed to swap soon
After being subjected a swap class, we all got given bodies similar to our own, Except for me and Stacey. We were polar opposites, whilst everyone joked around I had two massive problems, these tits. No one listened to me as they kept looking at them. I mean who wouldn't, there are some perks to it
I've always fantasized about being the alt "girl next door" who loves showing off &amp; sending erotic pics to strangers to get off to. That's when I became Hannah, who exists purely for the enjoyment of others. I need to start getting used to this body but can't wait to start taking requests...
A few months ago I was just your average guy until over night I woke up a middle aged woman, so today I’m holding a convention for those who had the same experience, so come on I’m Wendy Duller, now come on introduce yourself and your new body
I still don't know how to act lady like, but at least the boys helped me pick out my first swim suit. It's going to be a fun summer!
Marla was unfortunate to make a stop on the 13th floor. She met with a mysterious spirit that ripped her soul from her body and replaced it with itself. Now “Marla” was free to explore “her” body. The question is who or what was the spirit before becoming the poor woman? And what would it do next?
A trip to the 13th floor caused Harvey to come across a spirit of change. It wasn’t a fan of his current look, so it transformed him into something a bit easier on the eyes. When Harvey left the floor, he found himself in the body of a woman…with his male mind completely unchanged.
i had no idea how to operate this body. once an aging man, i found myself in a young slutty body! i still haven’t gotten used to the attention, or the outfits, or ANYTHING! can someone help me? RP
"Babe did you just creampie me?" I asked in shock. Me and my girlfriend were mid fuck when our house filled with a wierd mist which knocked us out and when we awoke we had swapped bodies. We agreed to finish before working out what happened but she accidently creampied me which cum locked us (Rp)
We were admiring the cheerleaders on TV. "What I wouldn't give to have one of those..." I said. Suddenly pompoms appeared in my hand. then my clothes changed. "What the hell?!" I didn't mean like this (rp)
I entered a blind date reality show. What I didn't know was my date was on a different one. The opportunity to transform forever from a girl to a guy but you make it happen he had to seal the deal that date or they would turn him back.
(M4MtF) My father has been having a hard time with his divorce. So i did what any good son would do, i took him to the bar. Some how, some one spiked his drink with X-change. I woke up the next morning with this woman beside me. I got lucky. Or at least i thought. I lean over to kiss you awake. (Rp)
I made a contract with the ghost of an old hooker that allowed me to put her soul into any body by simple touch. In exchange, she uses these bodies to offer me anything I want, like here, with this hot babe from the supermarket.
Apparently the fun is over: since I was young I have powers to swap bodies with other people, my favorite targets being the women in my family, but one day that ended. now I'm stuck in my aunt's body and she in mine. I can do nothing but get used to hes work and life
I have no idea what happened. We were out to dinner last night as a family and I made a comment that I guess was bigoted. All I know is I woke up like this in a room I don’t recognize. And what am I? A boy or a girl? (RP)
I had just awoken, sweaty, furry, and in a cage, when, suddenly, I heard an eerily familiar voice: "Hey there, sleepyhead, how are we doing today? Can't have you escaping, hehe!" I tilted my head and there it was: me. My face. Oh no, I must've perma-astral projected into my dog while asleep!
Sister, I'm sorry for sometimes not understanding you, that's why I think I'll see the world in the same way as you, I asked a friend to turn me into a woman with a spell,look at the size of these boobs, I'm a busty and I lovw it,now we are going to look for cocks like the good sisters that we are🍒💗
After perfecting time travel technology, I journeyed to the future in hopes of utopia. What I found was a society of alpha's and betas, divided between the weak and strong. I was soon trapped in slavery by 7 foot tall men who easily outranked an unevolved past male like myself. (Looking for lit rp)
I took over my sister's body, possessing her using a spell I found online after she got on my nerves for the last time. She keeps getting control back for brief moments though. Its super annoying! Currently struggling on keeping her in the bathroom so she can't tell our parents....
(RP) When you learned about your friend's ability you were obviously shocked. He could take over the body of anyone on Earth! You knew you had to use this for your own gain, so you had him possess your bitchy stepmom Clara. When you got home you knew it was no longer Clara in control of her body.
I’m glad you are finally doing the dishes, I hope this lesson doesn’t have to be pushed further.
Our family had an ancient curse, the oldest sibling changes genders at a random age. My older brother and I were downstairs watching some TV and having a good time until I looked over and saw a woman. Bro I think the curse happened I said panicked as he looked down in shock. (RP)
(M4A playing F) My dad was quite depressed after his divorce and wanted to start a new life, he went to a swap clinic and came back with his new body, I woke up and saw a woman in my bed who kissed my lips when she saw me wake up. He was no longer my dad, but a busty lady who wants me as her man.
I make Inventions for a living, I try to tell my dorky brother to not mess with them because they are only prototypes. I've been working on a new transformation ray but the only problem with it is as soon as you use it your stuck. I looked in my brothers room and saw this woman this isn't good. (RP)
People who are out of luck have been selling their bodies and lives! So people with money like me buy them and do whatever we please… (rp)
Read below
My sister said men couldn't control themselves, I said it wasn't our fault, and eventually we swapped so she could prove it was all about self control, and here I am in her body ready to prove otherwise..
Maisie Williams stealing Emilia Clarke’s body
[F4A] take over my body
My family moved into a new big house. Not sure how our parents paid for it but my sister keeps waking up with aches and bruises and I keep waking up naked and sweaty. We set up a camera last night and we’re horrified!
After my friend and I were forced to swap bodies with our girlfriends, we were forced to make out. We were a bit shy but soon started to get into it a lot more and were enjoying it. We continued to make out as our girlfriends, with boners, watched. I think they want to get involved now…(RP Wanted)
I wasn’t going to let my mom and her bf go forward with their plans to get pregnant. I popped an exchange and introduced myself as the next door big ass hottie. Within an hour, I had him emptying his balls deep inside me. He’ll be shooting blanks tonight.
(RP) You were pretty excited when your daughter agreed to a secret swap with you. You'd just finished your first day at her college, only to come home and find her naked in the pool blowing her boyfriend! She was supposed to keep the swap a secret, so she must've seduced the young man with your body
An Eventful Summer
(M4F RP) You're a petty crook and escape artist. Finally, the judge decides he's seen you enough and gets creative. He sentences you to a body you can't steal with or run away in. In fact, you need help to even sit up now.
I was just in my apartment watching tv with my friend Andrew, when there was a flash and this girl appeared, she seems to only remember the name aiko and is claiming to be my girlfriend(RP)
The girl on left suddenly ran up to me and kissed me. I was at a festival, and didn't think anything of it, but as I pulled away I realized I had become smaller, and was wearing a similar outfit to hers. "Have fun with that!" She laughed then ran off. I slowly became aware of the changes as she left
I was hiding in my friend Jen’s closet, I didn’t want her thinking I was a perv but a bra started to hook to my body, I grew breasts and soon the panties gave me a big ass and pussy, I was fully female before Jen opened the closet “Sis what are you doing” Jen doesn’t have a sister what’s happening
Soryy Mrs Carter but these tits are all mine now so I can do whatever I want with them I said to my teacher after swapping bodies (rp in dm)
My daughter hasn't listened to me since her mother left us and is behaving very badly. I'm at a loss and don't want her to waste her life. I heard online that a body swap should help.(rp in dm)
While at the beach my friends buried me in the sand, even adding some fake sand tits. We were all laughing and having a good time, the moment I sat up however my entire body changed, altered by some unknown force to fit the sand that encased me. I wasn't aware of it, yet...
Your parents were going on a trip and you weren’t trusted to look after the house. So they called me your most responsible friend. Although it wouldn’t look good on them to have two teenagers running the estate so I got a choice, which of your parents skin I did want to borrow for two months….
Look at me… I used to be the best detective on the force. But after going undercover for a year, trying to infiltrate the crime lords inner circle, I fell in love with his son. I’m a disgrace, and I don’t care. (Rp)
(RP) I had recently gone through second puberty, as a result I’ve been hiding in my room since I’m still too embarrassed to go out in public. Does anyone want to come over and help me feel like less of a hermit?
I text you. “Hey dude, can I come over? I got second puberty a few weeks ago. My mom and sister keep making me try on their clothes and my dad and brother won’t stop commenting on my tits and ass.” (Rp)
After I was poisoned with a gender swap serum, there was a huge investigation done as to who, and why... turns out it was my girlfriends stalker! He thought turning me female would mean my girlfriend would leave me... but now I'm just as pretty as her, and she was Bi anyway! (Rp in chat)
I was lucky to get this girl last week in swap class. The whole time I’ve spent being a absolute whore, now that it’s time to swap back tomorrow I sent her this video so she knows what to expect “hope you don’t mind, I stretched you out a little ;)”
You lie on your death bed at an age to young to die. You feel yourself about to leave your body when an angel visits you. "Your life here is not done yet. You are going to be given a new lease on life. Make it count." The angel shows gives you options for your new life. Which do you pick and why?
“The witness protection program offered me a free rental body untill the killer is found.” I explain to you after i witnessed a murder. “I didn’t know it was gonna be a girl either! Can we just enjoy the beach day? I don’t wanna think about this right now!” I say to you, my best friend
I hired a personal trainer hody swapper. Didn’t expect it to be a girl. She went to the gym in my body when i heard she wasn’t a personal trainer… she stole my body and now i’m stuck in hers. Not knowing what to do i knock at your door. “You gotta help me dude…”
[OC]🥵🥵
Sweet and innocent Emily found herself on an elevator by herself when she was taken to the 13th floor. She was exiled from her body, while the soul of an old hooker made it her new home. On the next stop, the new “Emily” wanted to see if she still had her old skills. To this man’s delight, she did…
(RP) Leon was the most powerful mobster in New York City. He and his gang ruled the city with an iron fist. Unfortunately for the mob boss, the hooker he'd taken home last night had stolen his body. You, his right hand man, got a message telling you to come to his penthouse because of an emergency.
My secretary had said that she will never experience life of a CEO and I felt bad. Til she proposed a body swap. I agreed because I needed a break. Unfortunately she was doing a terrible job as me so as payback I wore the hottest dress I could find and now she’s calling me into my office…(RP Wanted)
Nicole had no idea she had booked a vacation to an exchange island. As soon as she stepped out of the plane she saw she was in the body of a male. Later that day she went out to the beach wondering around until she finally saw her body. Whoever was in there was not afraid to expose her..
The Mansion in the Woods
I'm your best friend and I promised to help you with your Shaggy cosplay. I thought that meant I'd go as Fred. Now I've lost my glasses. Jinkies! That doesn't feel like glasses!
“Quit staring and focus on the mission!” We are the best spy team on the planet, you and i. We needed to go undercover in a luxe hotel as a married couple so our boss transformed us, and i now have to act like your wife. “I hate this so much! I don’t get payed enough for this!”
Very funny babe. I get it, you want to go bra shopping; did you have to make it so i needed one too? We're in the middle of Target for fucks sake!
When I came home to see my family I thought it was going to be as normal as always. When I came in I didn't see my dad anywhere but my sister was at the table reading the paper which was weird because she hated reading. Then she looked at me and in a gruff voice said Hey son this is awkward. (RP)
A friend offered to make me busty to fulfill a fantasy of mine, I never could’ve guessed he’d full on feminize me into a blonde bimbo after months of hypno and TF, nobody believes me when I tell them it me 😅😅no idea what I’m going to do
looking for rp partners
When you take. Gone abroad to Europe for a semester at university, I couldn’t just stay and be bored without my best friend. So, I didn’t what anyone would do. I possessed one of the people on your train, I didn’t expect to become a girl though! (RP)
We were going to a bachelor party and you knew I had never been given a lap dance before. You decided to take an Xchange pill to give me a little practice before we go. This feels better than I could have ever expected
Something me and my friend love to do as hoppers Is to take over mothers and sons and have fun. They remember everything and their reaction afterwards always gives us a good laugh
"Hey, honey, have you seen my... 𝘰𝘩 𝘨𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘵, I must've sleep-hopped again, because the dog's me, sweettalking, and posing, 𝘢𝘨𝘢𝘪𝘯!"
Are there any French speakers here to rp?
A one off mission they said. Infiltrate the villain’s lair, gain his trust and find out the secrets. I needed to swap bodies with one of the less experienced spies for the mission to be successful. They promised I could go back to my male body after the job.. but I’m in too deep (RP)
As a spy I spend alot of time in other peoples bodies, getting in and out of 'sticky' situations~
"Okay sis you owe me big time for this" was the last thing I said to her as o walked out the door, my mom was a witch and she was pretty pissed with the way me and my sis where acting with eachother so as a punishment she swapped our body, so now I'm here at some boys place looking like this(RP)
"Okay sis you owe me big time for this" was the last thing I said to her as i walked out the door , my mom was a witch and she was pretty pissed with the way me and my sis where acting with eachother so as a punishment she swapped our body , so now I'm here at some boys place looking like this(RP)
We were hiking deep in the woods, days away from civilization, when we found a little secluded spring. You jumped right into it while I got busy setting up camp. When you came out of the spring, I was shocked to see that you had changed! [RP]
Every year you and your best friend would take a 3 week summer vacation. About 5 years ago you made the silly suggestion of going to swap island. It instantly became the new tradition as you both enjoy the experiences of your new bodies, and what you get to do with them.
Our sex life had gotten pretty routine and I wanted to try something different. I’ve been asking you for a while if I could try pegging you, but you always said no. Well today while you were at work, I went to the swap clinic and picked out a dick for myself. (RP)
The worst part of having a bi sexual girlfriend is that she is also a witch and often puts me in whatever body she wants. Lately she's developed a crush on my own aunt. "Babe, how much longer are you going to make me be Aunt Mia?" I hate to admit that it's always hot swapping.
My younger sister and her husband were the only ones supportive of this. You see, they wanted to start a family, but Kelsey didn’t want to miss time from work or “deal with pregnancy.” So I volunteered to be a surrogate for them. Our parents won’t talk to us anymore and my girlfriend left me. (RP)
Year two after falling in love with the crime lords son, I’m now… physically compromised. I’ve been released from duty, and told they won’t pull me out, which is fine by me. (Rp)
I was gonna lose my college scholarship since I was bad at football my coach told me I could earn a different scholarship but it would be cheerleading I agreed since I couldn't afford college (rp wanted)
What in the world did you just did with my body? I was getting a little bit pissed that you were using the control to change me multiple times, when we agreed to buy it in order to get some dates!!
"The oldest male gets the crown and the princesses go to balls and get married off" she said, mockingly repeating my earlier words. I should have been king, but my older sister had the sorcerer make me a girl. Now, she was queen. "Well, good news. There's a ball tonight! Enjoy, PRINCESS." [LIT RP]
Holy shit, this has got to be the worst luck imaginable. I don't know how but a strange phenomenon has happened. I'm suddenly in the body of my friend's mother. I have no idea what to do, I had always thought his mom was hot but this is not what I ever wanted. What am I going to do now?
Spooky Island RP
10 years ago, I wished I could be a girl. Of course I was disappointed it didn’t happen, but I decided to continue my life. I found a wife, had kids, got a great paying job, and… everything changed. 10 years after the wish, I became female. I don’t know what to do. (RP)
Are you troubled by strange noises in the middle of the night? Do you experience feelings of dread in your basement or attic? Have you or your family ever seen a spook, spectre or ghost? If the answer is "yes," then don't wait another minute. Pick up the phone and call the professionals...(RP)
When I was first cursed to become a werewoman I hated it. Spending three days a month as a woman. But not they are my favorite days of the month. In fact I’ve even learned to control the power and turn into a woman whenever I want. AMA
I didn’t want my friend to know that I had a gay crush on him, so I found a way to swap with his stepmother, and convicted him to fuck me, now I don’t want to leave her body, letting him use me whenever he wants.
My friend took me to a new ice cream shop in town but said he would pick a flavor for me. A few minutes later he comes back with what looks like vanilla with a whole bunch of colorful toppings. It tasted super sweet and made my body tingle but I love it! He’s looking at me weird now though.
(A4AtF) Are you sick of your current body? Flabs of fat keeping your self confidence in the dumps? Well you're in luck! We here at Skinsuits Inc. are having a flash sale! Just fill out an order on our site, and you'll have your dream body in no time~ The price? Just make good use of your new looks~
I was your bully ever since the beginning of the school year, but eventually when you had enough, you used a spell book that your parents gave you on me in the school parking lot. This spell transformed me into a woman and gave me asian features, with a slowly deteriorating memory… (RP)
My girlfriend has a strange condition, she is technically two people. She had a lot of trauma. Her other person is a man. He always try to act like he used to but he hates being in a chick body, whenever he looks down he see's breasts and her long red hair and he sighs. (RP)
I was casually taking a photo of myself while wearing a skinsuit of your girlfriend Becca, but then I heard the door to the apartment open. I couldn’t explain this! I mean, I was literally your girlfriend right now! (RP)
I was my families son, 22 and still living at home, when a freak accident occurred my parents DNA was replaced with my Aunt and uncles leaving me as a daughter to them, they keep arguing as to who gets to keep me and I think my Aunt is winning
My friend was such a little perv. Thinking he was sneaky when he went into my sisters room to steal her panties. Unfortunately for him she had put a curse on them. Now he's standing on the mirror wondering what to do.
Hey man, thanks for helping me with my experiment, I would be able to get this far with my paper without your magic. Now I just gotta spend a while doing my research with this new body for my gender studies paper.
Best friends Kylie and Selena were on their way to their room coming home from a drunken night of partying. One of them misread the panel of buttons, and accidentally clicked on the 13th floor. In an instant, two horny succubi inherited their bodies, letting the two friends take their place…
“Your wife was very eager to please me and if you have any sense about you so should you” I smirk as you walk into my office. I had disciplined your wife for loosing a huge sale but making her loose everything. Now she is sat tied up on my desk in my body ready to watch our every move!
My girlfriend's best friend has an obvious crush on her. One day she invited us to her house. It was fun until my girlfriend fell asleep, she then began asking me all sort of questions about our relationship. It was annoying, but I was too drunk to complain. The next day, I woke up in her body (RP)
For the past few weeks, I’d been taking temporary x-change pills and filming TikToks to make a bit of extra cash on the side. None of my family knew. That was until my dad had tried to come into my room without warning… (RP)
I'm a very insecure person, when I got the feeling that my girlfriend was cheating on me, I didn't know what else to do. I asked my girlfriend's mother if she could help me. now we have switched bodies so that I can observe them undisturbed. (rp in dm)
My bully is the worst! First he humiliates me for 4 years, and now he transformed me into his favorite pornstar. This is disgusting and embarrassing, but my new female hormones are making me obey his commands! (RP Wanted)
These step-siblings went to stay at a hotel. However, when the 13th floor showed itself on the elevator panel, their curiosity got the best of them. The ghosts of two lovers got on, forcing the souls of the siblings to step off. Since they’re alive again, the lovers could resume where they left off.
(A4ApF) "You wanna grip my horns and ride my face, or should I squish your head between my thighs? Hmm? Yeah I'm a dude irl, what about it?" The hot demon girl you were about to hook up with would tease~ You've recently started playing a new VR MMO, not realizing just how perverse the ERP scene was~
I was dumbfounded, I had discovered a room in my house that had stacks of clothes I had never seen before. I jokingly put a hat on, and watched as it changed my entire body. Apparently everything in here could change people... I had to be careful though, it seemed the changes had a timer to wear off
After five years I finally got an uneven swap class! All my stars aligned when I got my prettiest students body too…until I realised her boyfriend was the school bully. But when he found out I was your Dad he treated me with nothing but respect as long as he could tease you about it!
My friend got the gender virus and he changed into a woman. He was annoyed he didn't want to be a chick. He tried to wear less girly clothes but with his bust and large hips everything seems feminine. He ties his hair into a ponytail and tries to deepen his voice. I think he is trying to adjust RP
I signed up for an experiment to downloaded a copy of my consciousness to a computer so my mind could live on after death. Last thing I remember, I was sitting on the lab table. Now I just woke up as a young woman. I thought I’d be a robot or something. How long was I out and who am I now? (RP)
my sister had swapped me into a girl so I could wear a matching outfit as her for a Halloween party (rp wanted)
My sister was acting pretty weird, wearing more provocative clothes and "accidentally" brushing up against me. I knew something was up..
The body swapping virus has come through town and has turned everyone into horny British chavs. I’ve become “Ruby” a chav from Leeds with massive tits. Dm me to see who you become
Johnny always was mad at his sister, Brittany . Whether it was over grades, attention, or just over anything he was always mad at Brittany. He always thought her life was easier. So Johnny thought why not BECOME Brittany? Johnny made a possession machine and now he was inside his sister.
I, an 18 year old boy, got miss belmonte, a 30 year old woman, in swap class. I wasn’t happy about it, but it was only for a day. You, my 18 year old best friend, invited me over to go swim in your pool. I went to your place not knowing you were plotting to fuck me and make this swap permanent
Sean was on his way to pickup his best bud Ben from the airport. They haven't seen each other since college, but Ben knew that Sean became a woman via the clinic. Sean wanted to surprise Ben with his new body and finally express his feelings toward him. The two would have a memorable reunion.
"Come on mom change me back. I know I know I got expelled from Harvard but I can't be a girl turn me back"
"Ok, shit. I just need to stay calm. I can't have him figure out my powers, otherwise he might never leave." I thought to myself. I was a shapeshifter, and when going on a morning jog in one of my forms I was possessed by a hopper. Little did I realize, he could hear my thoughts...
"Ok, shit. I just need to stay calm. I can't have him figure out my powers, otherwise he might never leave." I thought to myself. I was a shapeshifter, and when going on a morning jog in one of my forms I was possessed by a hopper. Little did I realize, he could hear my thoughts...
I couldn't believe my luck somehow this girl wanted to come home with me. She was really into me, asking alot of personal questions. I wasn't suspicious as I just wanted to bang her. As soon as I came I was shot into her body and I was sitting on a cock, mine! "thanks for breaking the curse" he said
This is Melody, a girl I occasionally see at college. She came up to me one day and we got to talking about gender roles and how fucked they are. She then told me she thought I was really cute and wanted to know if I was interested in seeing things from a 5’1” female perspective.. [MORE IN COMMENTS]
I was very excited. It was the evening of my daughter's 18th birthday. It was going to be the first time I hopped her.
Women commit far fewer crimes, it's true. That's why molecular feminization sentences are so effective. For small time criminals like me and Steve, it kept us out of jail AND ended our life of crime. Now, Stephanie and I have a real future to look forward to, not to mention a night of free drinks!
[F23A] I really need to go to the gym but I have no motivation. You tell me you can motivate me to go but instead you making me work out you take over my body I can see hear and feel everything you do but I can’t do anything about it. RP [DM me]
You Normally Bullied My Sibling, Which Made Me Do My Best To Stop It. Fighting Wasn’t An Option, So I Decided To Attack Something You Did Like. Sex. One Pill Later, And It Seems My Sibling Was Free From Your Torment.
Thank god I found this subreddit! I don’t feel comfortable in my own skin at all since the great shift and all I’ve met so far is creeps! (AMA/RP)
White girl cakes. that is what the text my friend Danielle sent me when taking a mirror selfie. This was very weird to me because Danielle usually wasn't one to show off her body like this. I text her back are you ok. (RP)
Was driving my sister home when she started acting strange, and asked who I was. I sarcastically replied "your boyfriend" and dropped her home. Then later she sent this asking for her big strong boyfriend to help her out. She's like a whole new person..
“You know, I agreed to do this to get inside the party, but don’t you think this outfit is a bit slutty?” The end of the year parties were always the most but it was girls or invite only. You convinced me to sneak in as a girl, “wait what do you mean this transformation is a week long!”
My grandma left me this strange necklace that turns me into a woman. I had only ever used once, to test it. Never thought I’d use it, until my friend begged me to find him a date for his sisters wedding. I’d do anything for a bro, so now “my colleague” is waiting to meet him for a coffee date. AMA
I sent you a picture with the other girls.For my frat hazing, I was told to pretend to blend in with the sorority, so I spent the whole month trying to do that. I was so excited to finally join you.Little did I know that you never planned on letting me join, and thought I should be with the girls
I felt my heart pound as you told me about the shipment . We created the first reality changing remote and were gonna be millionaires. Right before we could do anything,I dropped the remote changing me into your wife and only we knew.The new battery was gonna take a week to come in, “what do we do?”
Have you ever been blackmailed well I have, my bully gave me X-change but said he will only give me the antidote if I give him 10k, I don’t have any money and I can’t get a job as all my documents say I’m a guy and well my body doesn’t reflect that, I’ve had to sell my body but no sex, just bjs
You took a call leaving me with just parents. I went to grab snacks but on my way I tripped falling into the pool knocking the electric cooler in too. The cooler sent shocks across the water causing our consciousness to slip into each other. I had to pretend to be your Mum until we found a fix.
I asked my brother for help with my test, giving him a chip to put on my neck so he could just take it as me. However, he then proceeded to start messing around in my body! I can't stop him! He just keeps using my lips to tell me about all the terrible things he's going to do!
I woke up in my daughters body, tied to bed tightly with rope and something in my mouth stopping me from talking. I cant get free or even call for help, I can her someone walking around, whats going on? how did I get in my daughters bidy? what's going to happen to me? (rp open)
"This is blackmail" I complained as i unzipped your pants. I had recently lost my job and was four months late with rent. Fed up with the missing payments you offered me two options pay up or take a x-change so you could fuck a bride. With no way out i chose the second option becoming your bride(Rp)
My coach told me that I couldn’t play on the team anymore because they had to cancel my scholarship. I begged him that I’ll do anything because I needed it. He told me there was one spot open on a different team: cheerleading. I didn’t really have a choice as I grabbed my pom poms
“Are you sure we have to do this now? This is the school bathroom?” My girlfriend is a science major, and her project was a quick-ish way to change someone’s sex. And I’m her test subject. “Yes, because you’re hard. We have to fix that, so if I were you, I wouldn’t complain”
I took my mother’s body to pull a prank on my bully big brother. I had no idea that she had been starving sexually. I was overtaken by lust, I had all her cravings but none of her inhibitions. I ended up on top of my brother, riding him to ecstasy.
I made a mistake in my Chemistry class, and turned myself into a girl... it was awkward, but even worse was that they made me move into the girls dorms.. and they're having a field day with me. Making me dress up for them and even changing my wardrobe... these are my pajamas now! (Rp in chat)
My bestfriend had disappeared one day with no explanation from him or his family. I was left saddened and wondering what had happened. That is until one day. He showed back up in his new body and different attitude as he told me I belonged to him.
Post-swap social media manager here! I work with newly swapped clients, helping them to grow. I’m looking for bodies like these or these themselves. Chat me with a bit about you (pre-swap and post), and we’ll make you the best swapped influencer ever there is. I look forward to working with you!
You know what? Women overreact about how hard their lives are. I'm fairly certain that if I were to end up as one, I'd have lots of fun: new clothes, going clubbing, even flirting and messing around. Surely life won't show me that being a woman is hard? (RP, looking for a storyteller/DM/GM)
"So you have tits now. What's next? The no-fuss no-nonsense (misogynist's) guide to explore your newly found womanhood and embrace your femininity!" Preface: you may have already noticed your crotch's glaring flatness and the stark emptiness between your legs. Don't panic! The fun is about to begin.
After the great shift I was pretty shocked and stayed im my room all the time, I swapped with this women I don't know who she is but my friends laughted at me the first time I came out of my room to spend the day with them (RP)
"Are you ready for school yet?!" I yelled at my brother. Knowing he was always taking forever and we needed to be heading out. I rushed up to his room and kicked open the door. "Come on dude." My body freezing as I see him... well her sitting there
(Mtf4A) A few years after i got swapped into Bryce Howard, I made my way into the director career. Now i’m at an interview to talk about my work for the Book of Boba Fett episodes. (Rp)
Knocking on your door before I see you opening it “Hey Dude, remember your friend Andy from 5 months ago who was ghosting you, that’s me, remember when I took that Xchange to let you fuck me, it turns out the next day I was pregnant, hehe surprise”
When my grandma discovered my age-shifter skill, I was surprised by her request: "help me become a hooker"! She revealed she loved to fuck and was very good at it. But she didn't dare to prostitute herself back then. Now, 6H/week, I rejuvenate her so that she could realize her dream.
I was broke and really needed money I saw a ad saying they needed female actors so I took a xchange I didn't realize it was for a gangbang movie (rp wanted)
Zack and his buddies took a trip to Exchange island and somehow he was the only one to stay male. He didn't mind of course, especially since he already slept with two of them. Every time they went to the beach he couldn't help but check up on them to see if they were ready.
[F23A] I really need to go to the gym but I have no motivation. You tell me you can motivate me to go but instead you making me work out you take over my body I can see hear and feel everything you do but I can’t do anything about it . RP [DM me]
“Fuck you” I texted you a photo of myself. I knew that you changed me after the way you hinted towards it last night, “how did you do this and don’t play dumb with me. I know it was you”. I saw you start to reply, I waited anxiously for your response
for swap class I I the goth girl and it's been horrible all my old friends bully me now thinking I'm her. only good thing is I have one more month in this body (rp wanted)
Your girlfriend broke it off a week before your planned vacation together. You were heartbroken. When you asked me if I wanted to come instead, the last thing I expected was for you to turn me into an exact copy of her… (RP)
A few days ago I woke up in this 19 year old female body name Nevaeh. Hit me up if you want to chat or role-play
When I had the neurolink installed, I didn't think it could be hackable. But now here you are, in the comfort of your own home, taking to me from inside my own Brian as you watch me go on about my day.
possession furry comic i made as a patreon reward (art by me/@SpicyBatBones on twitter)
I look out my window it was a beautiful day, There wasn't even a cloud in sight. I see my neighbor taking her normal morning jog when I saw a huge flash and everyone outside was acting weird. My neighbor panicked and ran up to my door. I open it up and she told me she is actually my buddy. (RP)
You and I wanted to watch the game. Unfortunately your bitch of a wife wouldn't let us. So I did what I had to do. I hopped your couple therapist and used a bit of mind control to make her sleep. We were supposed to watch the game but one thing led to another and I guess we couldn't resist it. (RP)
There is a luxurious resort you can visit and upon arrival your partner can swap into the form of any celebrity you like. (Here are some options but open to requests and playing multiple women.)
You and your partner needed to infiltrate the police. To do this we were given a device to launch our consciousness into others. We chose two female cops, unfortunately your partner couldn't keep it in their pants. They tried to fuck themselves.. literally. I mean is it so wrong to at least enjoy it
I sent Jessica a picture rather than explain things. We originally swapped around 6 months ago so I could help her pass a class but I ended up liking life as her almost as much as I like my new boyfriend. Her class is over and now she's anxious to swap back
Oh Fuck!” Help I drank some weird drink at the club and now I woke up in this body!!! And I’m curled up to my bud!!
I'd gotten a new special hair product set that was meant to promote hair growth for a bald thinned hairline. It was made especially for me. So when my friend borrowed my shower and I heard a girly scream I knew something musta gone wrong. (Rp)
"omw to the restaurant now" I text my..sister? I'm in her body, because she convinced drunk me to swap with her and go on her date. Hope this guy doesn't try anything
“No sis, I can’t go back. This guys so cocky, I hate him. How did you even find this clown?” You thought it’d be funny if you slipped an x-change in my drink and set me up on a date. “Why are you even so invested in me with this guy? He’s so annoying”.
“Be quite I’m not gonna call you mom, I’m a man ok not your daughter, you forced me to take that TF potion give me the serum please” I start to beg for you to change me back “how long are you gonna keep me like this”
“Look at me! Turn me back! I can’t be this Latina chick forever!” You seem to purr at me in your intense and thick Uruguayan accent. I just calmly roll my eyes. “I can barely understand you, but guess what? I’m not turning you back. Understood bitch?” I smirk wildly. (RP)
"Dude, stop leering at me!" I say in a heavy accent. On holiday, two local girls stole our bodies, leaving us stranded in there. Although it looks like you're quite interested in my new body (rp, 18+)
As Nate climbed onto the boat, he blushed a bit while adjusting his bikini. He hated being in his mom's body, but The Great Shift wasn't going to stop him from the annual lake trip with the guys. Maybe it wasn't a good idea for mom to pack his suitcase. At least he wasn't the only one swapped (RP)
Shemale jerks off her 1 inch cock till she comes
"Mom.. why why did you swap with me? I have a date tonight.. please swap me back. " (RP wanted)
“Damn, I’ve always wanted to see how having tits felt. And what having such a soft ass would be like.” my lips spoke against my will as I try to scream loudly. This wasn’t a part of the deal! My friend’s new body rentals machine basically let him possess me. And now, he’s abusing it without my say.
My best friend, Audrey, has always been a real tomboy. Neither she nor I were ever sexually interested in each other. But that all changed the day the Great Shift put 71-year-old Miranda into Audrey's young and finally very sexy body.
My best friend was acting super weird. She was being really perverted and lewd. So when I decided to confront her, she grabbed my hand and passed out! Suddenly, I lost control of my body! It’s like I was possessed! Against my will, I ran home and began to furiously… touch myself! Eww, help! (RP)
My father, a very flirty guy, was tricked by a bodysuit trap. And no one but me believed him. Since then, I've been putting him up at my house where the walls are so thin that I can hear all those moans as he "explores his new body."
Would someone please like to chat with me since it's the 3rd anniversary of the great shift? How has your life been since? Irtr
After being on Interpol's most wanted for the past 7 years, they decided to send their top Spy to try and take you down. Unfortunately you had an edge, you avoided justice thanks to your hopping powers. Their spy had no chance as you hopped her during an arrest attempt, what will you do now? (RP)
In the future human evolution took an wild turn. While most men when through a so called second puberty. Some experienced spontaneous periodic feminization events or SPFe, where every month a male would turn female usually from 3 to 8 days. Today it happened after gym, luckily I had packed hipsters
Two hours ago Rick was a homeless man in his late 50s. Now he was in your girlfriend’s youthful body undressing in front of the bathroom mirror. Guess she shouldn’t have been such a bitch, or else you wouldn’t have replaced her. Maybe you can train Rick to be a better girlfriend for you. (RP)
You knew I didn’t have anyone to spend Christmas with so you invited me to come to your house for the holidays you left out the fact you turn me into a girl and have me be your gf you told me you would spoil me if I was good if I was bad I would be stuck like this but I think you wanted that anyway
I stole the magicians assistant's body after seeing her on stage, I was really looking forward to having some fun. The magician some how knew what I had and tricked me into this contraption, now I can't swap back.
My friend made quite a big mistake by insulting mom who was walking around the store with massive tits. Well she didnt take it too well and uttered something in a special lamguage, and after a big bang where he stood was a woman with massive tits, and she started acting rather motherly towards me.
My neighbour was in need of help so one afternoon I reached out to her. She opened up about her struggles with gender. I offered to try some role play, she said she wanted to try a spell she found online. Skeptical I blindly let her try it. Now I’m watching greet my wife as she comes home from work!
looking for a rp partner
After a freak accident, I (18) ended up in the body of my divorced dad (40). I hated the swap, but after a month, I realized I should just accept it. The upsides? 1: I'm a CEO with a lot of money and 2: I've always had a thing for older women/milfs. Who do you think I should call tonight?
Me and my son had signed up for that exchange island thing everyone was talking about, after getting off the plan we both felt dizzy before waking up in a hotel room, we had a pamphlet in our room with only one rule, don't get pregnant!!(RP)
I guess it only made sense! After swapping with my GF I could not bring myself to orgasm. No matter what, I would simply not cum. She, on the other hand, would nut in me sometimes after just 5 pumps. That was until she suggested to masturbate me, herself. Of course she knows how to please her pussy!
Your dad gave you two options move out or become his new personal cock sucker. Since you were always hearing mom talk about his massive cock the choice was obvious
“Someone didn’t do the dishes last night. You know what that means? I’ll keep this for a little since you clearly haven’t learnt your lesson” My wife sent me on my way to work. Being married to a trader sounds exciting but not when she uses her power to discipline me!
“Mhhh huh you know everyone thought she had pierced nipples? She totally does! They are so weird to touch” I giggle a little tipsy at my first swap party. Little did we know it was the last one we’d go to since the stars aligned that night and locked us in these bodies. Who do you have to become?
Of course I look smug, every-time you say it’s wrong because I’m your Dad. You say you’ll never do it again but you always come back. I don’t know why you don’t but I’m not complaining ever since I walked in on you and your gf I’ve probably fucked forty guys and you are definitely the best!
You were excited for your first time having sex in your new form. You decide to ask your best friend to be the one to do it. You thought he'd be gentle with you but it turns out he likes it rough and is gonna treat you the same he does every fuck toy he gets.
Introducing Sophie. The transition from 55 year old man to 25 year old women hadn’t been easy but my daughters were more than helpful. My family were so happy when my strange disease turned out to be phoenix disease, it’s been six months and I’m finally started to feel better about it!
I still could not believe my punishment. This body...my whole life transformed. My wife was tired of mothering me like I was a teenager. So she made me one. Hanna was my new name,and I need to get ready for the day before she takes me to school.(RP/AMA)
After I bought this collar from some guy for $5, he told me whoever wore it would be “Possess-able”. I didn’t even know what that meant so I gave it to my friend Priya. Now I’m in her body… and I’m having fun! However, Little did I know she was still fully aware in her head! (RP)
-"A shooting star, in daytime, really ? Damn I missed it...! Well, no wishes for me I guess... Did you had time to make one ?" Looking back at you, I notice your surprise, mixed with euphoria and a sly smile. "What makes you so happy, suddenly ?" ( in for an RP though chats ?)
A transformative Bar!
I made a new friend recently and couldn't help myself but find them hot. I'd been fingering myself looking at their photos for a while but I couldn't help myself. I swapped our bodies and got dressed as a bunny maid! I'm sure they won't mind... They have my body after all!
[RP]Great shift turned my dad and brother into two sexy hotties.I was constantly getting hard around them. Especially since they walk around naked &amp; kiss each other sloppily all day.It's side effects of great shift. They definitely know how it affecting me &amp; loving it. Now I don't even hide my boner
“This was the outfit you choose for me?” I needed money and you needed eye candy for your business trips.You would give me the x-change pills and would pay for everything while I attended your stupid meetings. Today was the first day, “how do I look? It took all morning to get ready”.
I was a genius scientist. My daughter was often socially awkward and didn’t like to go out. I made a skin suit of her and told her I could act as her on her last day of school. She agreed and now here I am outside of my daughter’s school, as her!
I grew up with only sisters so I’ve always been a bit more ‘girly’ and ‘feminine’ but I didn’t care.They always talked about how I should have been their sister and I laughed. Last night they told me that they had a surprise for me it in the morning.I woke up the next day like this”what did you do”
After my body swaped in a lighting storm with a girl in my class I decided to use it to the fullest, I mean as a former male I knew exactly how to make every guy in my school obsessed with me
An experiment gone wrong (part 3)
Much like VR Chat a new game was developed which allowed you to control real life people in real time. You and Jerry loved the idea, payed alot of money and now your living out your best fantasies. The money was sure worth it, if only there was a way to make this perminant. (RP)
Always read the fine print. Full time permanent secretary job, males wanted. Little did I know, the small print stated I'd take over the old secretary's body and would be kept permanently in bondage. That was two days ago and I've been kept like this since.
I'd made an agreement with my friend. Because he was a gay guy, I let him use my body to go out and have fun with guys, I was fine with making out, touching, things like that. Over time, I seemed to lose more and more days. [Possession story continued in image captions]
After my boyfriend and I swapped bodies, he still acted the same. He was still lazy. However, every time I got hard and entered his room, he dealt with it straight away. It was almost a natural reaction for him. Fuck, he looked so hot and he was getting so much better at giving blowjobs…(RP Wanted)
when the great shift happend I was swaped with a girl chained to a pole outside as I look around I see several other girls chained like dogs around in this backyard (rp wanted)
I made a mistake in my Chemistry class, and turned myself into a girl... it was awkward, but even worse was that they made me move into the girls dorms.. and they're having a field day with me. Making me dress up for them and even changing my wardrobe... these are my pajamas now! (Rp in chat)
One day you (my brother) brought to our house some kind of gadget from a witch. And when we were sleeping that gadget cause everyone in our house to swap bodies with each other. Who did you swap with?
My best friend was obsessed with my sister. He would tell me things he’d want to do with her all the time. He decided to use his ability to posses her body. He then sent me a picture through her phone and texting.. “I’m in your sisters body.”
There’s a certain amount of “physical therapy” you’re expected to do after undergoing a permanent swap. One of the most exciting aspects of acclimating to my mom’s body so far is experiencing sex as a woman. Luckily her boyfriend is pretty supportive of us and has been more then willing to help me.
"Excuse me?" I asked, standing there in my swimtrunks. This girl I had a crush on invited me to her beach house for the summer. Only, then she'd turned me into a girl and informed me she'd needed a lab rat for her gender ray. I'll be like this til August to study the long term effects. (Lit RP)
You got jealous that i, your best friend, became your new boss, so you turned me into a woman without me knowing it was you 2 days ago. You’re plotting to have sex with me to make it permanent, so invited me over for dinner. “This is so weird… thanks for having my back. Be at yours in 5 mins” i text
Dad has been going through a lot after the divorce. I wanted to do something nice for him this Father’s Day. I took an exchange and got myself a sexy young body with a beautiful ass, and he was so happy drilling me into the couch. He kept whispering ‘thank you’ into my ears. Things we do for family.
This is the face of a man who has just lost everything. My aunt somehow fabricated a case to legal steal my body, using her husband’s fortunes she lawyered up hard and I was unable to afford any decent defence. She won the case and the swap was conducted right there in the court room.
I Had Finally Gotten The Chance To Try The X-Change Phenomenon, Only To Be Greeted With Nothing More Than A Pill Which Made Me A Chick Up Top But. Nevermind, I Could Still Have Fun With This.
I was found out to have magic in my blood which meant I was to be shipped off to a magic school. unfortunately the most local one was more or less a girl's only school, and the girls that I was to share a dorm with wanted to keep it that way.
Rose had always been quiet and discreet, the mystery behind her was what drew Simon to like her. He kept his crush a secret until his Bully Michael found out. 2 days later Simon gets a video from his crush, mystery no longer. Michael was behind the wheel and intended to make Simon's life hell. RP
No I’m not gay!! I was just bored and home alone and decided to try on my sisters clothes, but then my body started changing into a girl that for these clothes perfectly… My sister!? Somebody help! I can’t help but ride this dildo - I’m too horny! Why does it have to feel so good?! (rp)
[A4A] me or both get our bodies stolen by older women
[M4A] It was an early afternoon when you had managed to come across a perfect body! Being a parasite / slime, you were weak without a host, but just as you finished taking over your new host.. A knock on your door was heard, it was your brother. [Semi-Lit - Lit RP]
25 [F4M] You possess a girl's body and come fuck my man's brains out for me!
My roommate had secretly had a thing for me for a while now, little did I know he’d swapped into a cute girl from our class while I’d been at the gym and he was ready to make his move
I’m working as a personal swap trainer. We swap bodies and I work out your body while you relax in mine. Sounds like something you would enjoy? Hit me up!
my family went on vacation if I had the house alone for a week, thinking about it I grabbed my mom's feminizing pills and took them all and went to bathe, I slowly felt how my breasts grew, my penis became a nice vagina I put on nice lingerie and was ready for my first night as a busty woman🍒🥳🚺
I'm sorry mom, sorry for not letting you know that I was going to Cancun for a whole month,sorry for not telling you to use your feminizing pills to be a busty woman on the beach, but now I'm an independent man, I mean ...I am a beautiful busty independent woman, now I go to find someone to fuck me🍒
I want to do a body swap rp with a celeb. Here are some of my favorites but I want to know yours too.
Stealing X-Change And Acting Like A Goofball At Work Was So Fun I’d Do It Daily. I Didn’t Know You Stayed Late At Work Today Though.
Any buds willing to be a good slut and let me take out my sexual frustrations on them?
My girlfriend had caught me cheating with her younger sister she decided to swap me and her sisters body as revenge and see what we would do (rp wanted)
“Sorry Mrs. Daly, I don’t know what you’re talking about.” My boyfriend’s mother smirked at me. She was always talking about how she wasted her life, until somehow she stole mine last month. If I could just figure out how..
A few months ago, I got very sick very quickly. The doctors said the only chance I had to live was an emergency blood transfusion. My daughter volunteered, but no one knew her DNA would be powerful enough to replace my Y chromosomes. On the bright side, she’s been really helpful. (RP)
After Amber approached me asking if I could boost her grade, I made sure to take advantage of the body swap spell I had been working on. After swapping, we started fooling around and I somehow ended up on my knees for her. She even put my glasses on my face. Fuck, she came hard and quick…(RP Wanted)
We were denied access to the club. We were told that we needed more girls than guys to get inside You bit the bullet and popped an Xchange. Everything was normal at first but you keep getting more sluttier with every passing second. I should try and calm you down.
when my family went to visit my aunt on her birthday I asked her what she wanted. she said she wanted my youth and life. I laughed but then she tackled me forcing her wedding ring into my finger. when I stood up I looked way different. I could only watched as she laughed as she turned into me. (RP)
When your friend Tommy bought a bodysuit online you told him he was a moron, and that it was a scam. A week later you received a video of some young woman dancing in the mirror. Tommy had snuck into his sister's room to steal clothes and decided decided to send you a video of his new bodysuit (RP)
I was a looser. Just a IT doing tech work day in and day out. I said I would sell my soul to have more fun. I felt more horny then ever before. Each release I changed more and more becoming what you see now. Can you help me? (RP)
I Was Supposed To Be Watching Your House For Your Wife, But She Wanted A Maid To Do It. Thinking I Outsmarted Her, I Took A Serum To Temporarily Change Myself, And Keep My Anatomy. It Didn’t Stop You Though.
I had created a device meant to store my memories onto any device but I mistakenly uploaded myself into my daughter and wife. I pretend to be her when I have sex with my daughters boyfriend, but I prefer being the one in charge
I had created a device meant to store my memories onto any device but I mistakenly uploaded myself into my daughter and wife. I pretend to be her when I have sex with my daughters boyfriend, but I prefer being the one in charge
(Pt2) I invited my daughters friends for a sleepover and uploaded into them as well. The popular ones sure are sexy
“Don’t worry, we’ll get you body back.” My girlfriend reassured me. “We just have to keep up appearances for a little bit, and it would look weird if I went to the beach with an old man.” I wince from inside our landlord’s body before finally agreeing.
Ever since an evil with turned me (brunette) and my friend into hot women, we’ve had to do various tasks and dares in the hope she’ll change us back. We might get caught! I’m starting to thinks she’s never turning us back! (RP)
I offended the devil so he put me in someone's body and I feel that the original spirit of the body is replacing mine little by little... And the devil told me that sex and contact with a man will speed up the process. My husband has just come home and I need to find a solution. RP
I was walking home from work and saw a group of drunk girls dressed like slutty Witches for a Halloween party. I wolf whistled over and said they were sexy but the dumb sluts took offence and turned me into this sexy devil! Can I come over to yours? My wife doesnt believe me
After my ex turned me into a girl and sent me to a new city across the country as revenge for breaking up with her I decided to take this video to make her upset that i seemed to be enjoying my new life which for the most part I was well as much as one can be after being forced into a new life
My girlfriend was just watching her videos on her phone when she started to twitch violently. After a few minutes, she returned to “normal.” However, she started touching and playing with her boobs as if she’s never seen them before. What’s happened to her?
It's been a few weeks since the tg virus finished rebuilding my body. I've had to make some major adjustments, but my new ID finally arrived and now I'll be starting school in the summer session as the new me!
It's been a few weeks since the tg virus finished rebuilding my body. I've had to make some major adjustments, but my new ID finally arrived and now I'll be starting school in the summer session as the new me!
Power outage
(M4ApTF) You'd let out a smirk as you looked up and caught your roommate staring at your new, perfectly shaped tits~ You had recently gotten top surgery, and oh boy did the doctors know what they were doing! "He he~ Dude, if you want to play with my tits, just ask~" You'd tease, pulling on your top~
Oh hey, finally you’re awake. So, I know you’re going to freak out, but we might have gotten too drunk at Ashton’s party last night. And yes, that’s my penis you feel getting hard. Surprise, we kinda switched bodies. I am going to find your clothes while you wake up and see what you look like
(M4F RP) You've got a real Monkey's Paw situation here. You wished to be a hot girl at the beach and got your wish but in this limbless body you can't even enjoy it without help.
I was at a party with some friends. I was drunk and accidently took some X-change and apparently do did a random friend of a friend well... apparently I took one where if I cum... well ....(RP)
My wife ditched her 9-5 to pursue painting which I criticised. Well ten months later that bit me in the ass, having held a grudge for my comments she said I had to help her sell some pieces. So here I am wearing a skin-suit designed by her tasked with selling 10 paintings or she throws away the key!
"Now dance like a TikTok Thot!" My roommate was obsessed with TikTok girls, and he decided to transform me into one. I try to protest, but anytime he tells me to dance I have to obey his commands! (RP wanted)
I Messed Up. I Took The Chance Of Taking Terrible X-Change, And Ended Up Not Making Them Pull Out. Now I Was Locked Pregnant. Fuck.
People seem to think demons only come out at Halloween. Theyre wrong. I need a girl to possess now! She'll be famous in a week because of all the things I'm going to do in her body!
I Thought I Was Amazing At Golf. You Clearly Didn’t. This Led To Us Playing Golf And Well, You Won. I Took My X-Change, And You Took Your Prize.
Equivalent* Exchange - Part One
My twin sister and I swapped bodies after both being curious to what it would have been like if we were born the opposite gender. It was fun, just laying in her bed relaxing. I went into my room to see how she was doing and I caught her jerking off! That’s when she asked me to help…(RP Wanted)
After my gf broke up with me I was depressed so my sister, trying to be helpful, switched me and her friend while at a Halloween party to get me out and about. One second I’m jacking off and the next I’m in hallway looking at my sister and I feel weird (Pm to rp)
onlyfansleakss10 • r/onlyfansleakss10
After the Gender Flu, I was tired of feeling weak, vulnerable, like a girl. So I started to exercise, hoping to bulk up. What I wasn't hoping for was hearing a voice behind me, the voice of a girl I'd once ghosted. "So, it's true" she teased, finally seeing what'd become of me. (Looking for lit rp)
I Said Out Loud Upon A Star That I Wanted To Ride A Bull. Thinking This Would Be Fun, And I Would Prove That Stupid Superstition Wrong. Only, I Awoke Feeling Someone Right Above A Smaller Body Of Mine.
It Was Fun Finally Taking The Special Pills. Way Too Fun To Give Up. I Wanted To Certainly Show Off And I Did. You’re Now Looking At A Video, Sent Personally To You.
(M4A) You were a hideous goblin that had been captured during the kingdom's latest expedition~ However, rather than being sent off to the mines, you were instead given to the court mage as he needed patients for his latest research... A series of surgeries to make monsters more pleasing to the eye~
My bestfriend was tired of me obsessing about this Stefanie all the time. He got so fed he decided to transform into her. His plan was to tease me about it but once he was in her body he started to get other urges
We have been chosen by the state to test a new experiment. We are going to change our bodies and our lives in a brand new machine. The special thing is that we will each choose the body of the other, and then we will have to live our new life with a bond that the state lets us choose. (Long term RP)
I’d offered to help you tidy up your apartment one afternoon, but I passed out as soon as I walked through the door. What the hell did you do to me? (RP)
When my son’s fiancé talked me into undergoing a body swap I thought it would just be temporary vacation. But it’s been two months since then and she doesn’t seem to be in any rush to swap back. It’s getting harder to ignore my son’s advances, particularly because my new wardrobe is so revealing!
I found out my son was bullying girls in his class. I possesed a girl in his class to see what he was doing. Little did I know he had a crush on this girl, Sophie.
Switch up The Jones family
(A4F) You hated your roommate~ You were a lesbian and he was a gross, misogynistic, perverted incel who you couldn't help but stare at disgust whenever the two of you were in the same room... That was until he got afflicted with a gender swap flu... Now our relationship's grown far, far closer~
Three months ago I was supposed to have a small surgery but the doctors made a mistake and did an operation on my whole body and changed me into a woman! It's irreversible and I have to learn to live like this... I'm willing to talk to you and tell you how it's going for me. AMA
(M4TF) My dad and I haven’t really been on the best terms. Until, he went to the swap clinic and got himself a trans body. He text me to come over and i saw him posing on the chair. “D-Dad?” I raised a brow (rp)
(M4A) You were an old, retired prostitute who was finally starting to settle down after a lifetime of fun... Atleast until a stranger came up to you with an odd proposition. He would transfer your soul into an android body at the peak of its youth, if you could prove that you were its perfect pilot~
After getting into an elevator with a cute Filipina girl, a freak lightning strike hit the building and swapped your bodies. The sudden swap also made you two very horny in each other's bodies. Luckily, you had a car in the parking lot where you could explore your new sex.
I Hated Being In Debt, But I Found The Easiest Way To Make Money. Pop An X-Change, And Work In The Gloryholes. It Paid Too Well To Stop.
So, this is me after I paid the witch and she changed my reality. She’s got me set up well. And apparently, I’ll be meeting my new boyfriend later. (Rp)
I fell asleep at the sleep over, you know what that means! No, not sharpie mustaches, my friends turned me into a girl. I woke up with one of their dicks in my face as a prank. Oh, they did not expect me to double down and suck it. I’m not a pussy even if I have one now
After losing a bet with Keisha about how she would not experience racism if she acted a bit less slutty, I had to swap bodies with her. Unfortunately, I made the mistake of getting hard before we swapped and she has been begging me to help with it. “Ugh fine.” I say as I lay on my belly…(RP Wanted)
[META] Any love for stories without hook ups?
come on mom i dont know why you and my sister are upset because i switched bodies with my best friend karemi we are both happy to be the opposite sex and its not permanent plus just look at these boobs, I am now the bustiest woman in the family, just watch how they bounce,I love it BING BOONNG HAHA🍒
I really wanted that head scientist spot at my research lab, and the first person getting in my way was the lab manager. Some old guy who thought his age meant he was better then me. Well, with alittle of my new formula, making him think he was our silly little intern was easy. (Rp)
My friend was having major trouble becoming a content creator. He was just boring, nothing was fun about him. So, I tried too give him something alittle more entertaining too work with though I fucked up the spell, and not only does he not realize his body changed, he's still somehow boring. (Rp)
"science log star date 100034.36 I have successfully used a time displacement swap machine to put me in the body of a 21st century porn star. I'm gonna live her life and have fun as a girl maybe take a huge cock" (Rp wanted)
I envied the female form for years. The beauty, the body, the benefits of having two X chromosomes. But I finally found the hypnosis video that worked. In my haste to try out my body, I didn’t see my camera was on, and that I’d be the next hypnosis video and posted online here
My wife thinks that I was unfaithful to her with my secretary,so on my vacation she made a plan, now she may be getting fucked at my house by all my friends,while I'm in my secretary's body at 6:00 am on the beach, wearing a small and sexy bikini,looking for someone to help me or at least fuck me😔🍒
After my girlfriend turned me into a girl, I cannot stop drooling! all because she thought I was cheating on her. All I was doing was meeting with my friends and having d&amp;d sessions!
Our bodies are sick and we are placed in a machine that will give us new bodies. We each choose the other's body (we will send each other pictures). And then we will have to learn to live with it. Come to chat with me.
“Woah man chill out! I don’t know who this Lilly chick is….alright alright so she’s your girlfriend man but she’s her own person….it’s not my fault she wanted in on our mushrooms. We told her what they did and she was up for it dude…jeez” I defended myself before laying back down.
[M4A] It was a dark night when you had finally broken out of the labratory, you managed to quickly find a body before you were caught.. Being a parasite was hard, but with a new lovely host, you'd be set for life, though you'd heard a knock on your door, your brother. [Semi-Lit to Literate]
“Woah what- what is happening??”, I look up only to see my friend Jason slamming himself on top of me, only minutes ago Jason gave me a pill saying he found a way to change our grades, “A-Am I Ms. Peters?! And why are you recording??”
I was marking fun of a Arab girl when the next morning I woke up in her body! [rp]
It’s been 6 whole awkward months since the FOSE hit, I ended up in my friend’s wife’s body 1 week after they found out she was pregnant. It took months before he’d even look at me. Maybe it’s because my chest grew or maybe it was instincts but one day a switch just flipped and he was all over me
Your Friend Had Taken A Mysterious Drink Last Night, You Deciding Against It. When You Woke Up The Next Morning To Go Into The Bathroom, The Sight You Saw Was Shocking.
“Fine. Tell him. I don’t care. I’m not ready to swap back.” My boyfriend’s pervy friend smiled at me. I was starting to think he’d never swap us back.
My roommate had secret had a thing for me for a while now, little did I know he’d swapped into a cute girl from our class while I’d been at the gym and he was ready to make his move
I’m working as a personal swap trainer. We swap bodies and I work out body while you relax in mine. Sounds like something you would enjoy? Hit me up!
You possess a girl's body and come fuck my man's brains out for me!
I Had Borrowed Money For Drugs From A Loanshark Long Ago, And Due To How Long Ago It Was. I Forgot. However, They Didn’t, And With A Simple Pill, I Would Be Paying Back My Tab.
my sister came up to me telling me I can swap with her or one of her friends while they go to the club since I'm always working she thought it would be a fun way I could relax (rp wanted)
My girlfriend had caught me cheating with her younger sister she decided to swap me and her sisters body as revenge and see what we would do (rp wanted)
I don’t know how but it seems (You) The Joker has found a way to swap into Harley’s body! It seems like there is only one thing on your mind in this new body to…finding some of Gotham’s Finest and seeing what you can do with your new body! (Rp wanted)
It's a family curse for all the men to permanently swap with any woman one month from giving birth to his child. Problem is... I had no idea. She had been a one-night stand eight months ago. Suddenly I found myself in her body, with a wedding ring on my finger... (RP wanted!)
“ugh, this is amazing—i needed this!” most people saved up to go on week long vacations to resorts, but not you. you wanted to try the highly experimental and expensive body rental program—and it worked! one problem, you don’t want to leave! how’re you gonna figure that out!? RP
(M4AtF) Your sister was a scientist who created a machine that could swap body parts. Unfortunately, it went haywire and the two of you swapped everything from the neck down... You couldn't help but eagerly slip on the cutest outfit you had, filming some jerk off fuel while you still could~
Josie hated her life when a rumor saying she was a slut around her college. She hated it so much that she agreed to swap when a random text offered her. Turned out she swapped with her nerdy pervert classmate, and was horrified to see her old number text her a video intent on making the rumors true…
Me and My Girlfriend decided to spice things up a bit and went down to the swap clinic. She had to go to my job for awhile though and that's when my best friend came over. He didn't know about our situation and when I got back in my body I found the video he went to me
Ever since my girlfriend and I permanently swapped bodies, she… he has been insatiable. He has to have me whenever he wants, and I love it. I make sure to never refuse. Even if I’m cooking. (Rp)
Trying on the magic leggings did not disappoint! Five minutes ago I was a bored boy who found some strange leggings in the attic. Now look at me! Since we're such good friends, I'll let you play with my butt, and if you're really good, I'll let you try the leggings on. We're gonna have so much fun!
I was sitting in my room on holiday from university jacking off to my step sister.. then the FOSE hit and I passed out and woke up in my step sister's body little did I know that she was getting ready to fuck her step dad aka my father.
I would love to be in a celeb body swap rp. I could swap or my partner could. Here are some celebs but I’m open to many others.
Is this what the folk over at r/DirtyPenPals mean by a "bubble butt?!" There's a surprisingly large number of female redditors with "bubbly derrières" and double-Ds desperate to roleplay, which with the advent of custom X-Change pills, it only makes sense. Unlike in the first half of the millennium.
“Yes. It’s me, William. But I actually go by Paige now. This is who I’m meant to be. I was never happy as Will. I only did football so you’d be proud of me.” I have turned myself into a girl and am revealing myself to my family. I was a star football player but that wasn’t the life I wanted. (RP)
During my time in the Caribbean I was swimming and got stung by a jellyfish and nearly passed out. When I woke I was looking at a fit lifeguard and I immediately started getting turned on, am I ok? (Rp)
My best friend had been acting weird lately, she used to be so prim and proper, always following the rules. But now she's dressing and acting different. I was getting concerned..
“What’s the matter babe?” I asked sweetly, “Oh come on you know what they are doing in our bodies….your mum practically pulled my cock out as soon as we swapped! Plus when will you ever get a chance to fuck me again…don’t you get tired of being a pillow princess?” I tease spreading your mum’s legs.
I was the best spy in my department,but this was going to be my hardest task.I sipped my wine waiting for you.I was supposed to be your date for the evening hoping to extract information out of you so we can bust you.I didn’t know that you knew who I was and that this was a setup. “Ah there you are”
After the great shift, you had been fired from your old job because of the pandemic and now you were looking for a new one, but you seem to only receive requests for interviews from weird agencies because of your new ASSets….(Rp wanted)
A dream come true in the form of a pill!
my sister came up to me on Halloween telling me I can swap with her or one of her friends and go to a party to have some fun since I'm always busy with work (rp wanted)
My sister always felt sorry for me being the unpopular sibling, always looking for ways to make me like her. That’s why I guess I wasn’t shocked to see my room clothes and body start to change while getting ready for for our uncle’s wedding
My swap class had gone horribly wrong. I'd failed, then the machine broke and now I was stuck in this girls body for life. The weirdest part came later, a few years on and I'd become a total princess... bouncing from boyfriend to girlfriend, now here I am, stoned on "Mommy's" patio...
Mh yes this is a good choice *I think to myself after I transformed into the new girl from work before driving to my best friend* I'm sure I'm his best Shapeshifting friend ever
The moment my maid of honor caught the bouquet, I felt my soul sucked into her body. I knew she was jealous of me, but I had no idea she'd go this far! Now she's running off with MY husband while I'm stuck in her body!! And if I make a scene, they'll just think I'm trying to be a drama queen!!!!
I spent my life wondering what it was like to be a pregnant woman. And on the day I died I was reincarnated directly into the life of a young pregnant woman living with her husband. This new life is very interesting. Please feel free to contact me with any questions.
I had possessed the Detective who was after me. Now I had to make this bitch pay, I needed to make mainstream media. I had planned to fuck every mob boss in the city by the end of the week, for a conservative girl she sure looked like alot of fun. Who knows I, I mean Detective Knox might like it RP
Finally, I had hijacked the local spar to turn a tanning bed into my possession device. I am now in the pilot seat of this girl and let's just say I lucked out. I can't wait to live my new life, this will be fun. Now just to avoid the staff of this spa, they always shoot their shot (RP)
Everything is so weird this morning! I woke up like usual but everything in my room has changed all my clothes are female and everyone is treating me like a girl do I look like my normal guy self to you guys?
(M4A) You were the head of a powerful, noble house, but you had recently succumbed to a strange illness... As your last breath escaped your lips, you'd find yourself transported into the body of your son's maid~ Looks like it was time to take a more direct approach towards training the perfect heir~
Me and my friend decided to go to the club for some fun. Hopefully we can get some action while were there. As we were drinking and having a good time my friend began to check out this thick babe. She caught him and began to chant something. A cloud of smoke came and they swapped he's panicked. (RP)
My girlfriend (right) and I (left) would always by an X-change for me, and we’d spend the weekend playing games, while riding toys. This time, she suggested changing both of us. What should I do? (Rp)
My best friend just wouldn’t shut up about this girl that he had a thing for. The only thing is that this girl he had a thing for was secretly dating her best friend. One night when I was in a particularly bad mood, I used my power to cause others to swap bodies to make him swap with her “friend”.
It was an early afternoon when you had managed to find a perfect body to finally takeover - plump, skinny, and young too! Being frail and small, as you were a parasite / slime, certainly made things dangerous.. Although, I, your brother just managed to come across you then, as you tookover.
The dark wizard Gurus had lured the legendary knight Elysia into his lair. Little did she know that once she struck him down, his soul would pass into her body trapping her own inside the sword. Now phase two of his evil plan could begin. After breaking in the new body, of course. (RP)
I would love to be in a celeb body swap rp. I could swap or my partner could. Here are some celebs but I’m open to many others.
A transformative Bar!
The multiverse is real! Ever wonder what life would be like if just one thing were different? That’s what I thought too. I was a chubby guy in his mid 40s. I wondered what life would be like if I were a girl and had a much better body. After years of searching the multiverse, I found it!
*... I will have to clean my cell pho... what the hell is it?! these are tits?!" I said scared. I was in the climax with a photo of my boss's secretary as the FOSE happen, now I must hides that I'm not her until I find a way to see and talk with my body.
My aunt wanted a restart at life so I offered her my body, and she agreed to swap! I don’t know what I was expecting when I swapped bodies with her, but becoming a pornstar definitely wasn’t it! Nonetheless, Im loving my new life, being paid just to be videoed while being fucked by some hot guys!
Me and my dad were out taking a walk together, He was talking about how he feels fat and out of shape. He said he wished he could have a better body. While we were walking this beauty walked into my dad and the both blacked out. When they both woke up, The woman got up and was acting like my dad RP
Sure the way I’ve earned my money wasn’t to everyone’s taste but I didn’t care because I had made the perfect life for me and my son, away from any financial bother.. one second though I was holding a glass of red wine in my jacuzzi and the next I was holding a cock as cum sprayed onto the walls..
First he ignored me during my transformation phase and now I am his goth queen and he begs in front of me to let him cum.
Technology, even back in the 1940's was quite strange, as an espionage mission, british spies were send to america to gather information in the us government, to achieve this, the british used a special bit of technology, making a full body suit with a voice changer, some men had to play dress up.
Hi, does anyone want to talk about their desire for a transformation and body swap? I am open in chat
My best friend had been acting weird lately, she used to be so prim and proper, always following the rules. But now she's dressing and acting different. I was getting concerned..
You wished that you and a really cute girl were the only 2 people left alive, like the new adam and eve. When you woke up the next morning i, your male best friend, was sitting at your door like this, in distress. “Help me dude!” (RP wanted)
I'm BORED of possessing bland girls, the kind who sit around all day and have no fun. I'm going to pick someone abit more EXCITING! Someone with a larger following who I can mess with!
Dylan hopped a sexy woman, intent on making her life his own. He didn’t know the girl had a boyfriend, especially one that saw him hop into his girlfriend. However, he made Dylan a deal. He could stay in her body just as long as he stood together with him, and do what a girlfriend should do…
You were freaked out by all the news talking about the FOSE, and realised you hadn't heard from your mom in a bit. You went up to her room to find 'her' like this
Hey everyone i wanted to take the time to share my deviantart i do spooky island possession edits and stories if you’re interested take a look and a watch is appreciated if you can thank you😊
I'm BORED of possessing bland girls, the kind who sit around all day and have no fun. I'm going to pick someone abit more EXCITING! Someone with a larger following who I can mess with!
“The car drives itself, you could probably even have sex”, that’s where it started. My buddy just got a tesla so we decided to go on a roadtrip across the country to really test it out. One thing led to another and I was popping an x-change pill we bought at a gas station, then we put it to the test
I'm a soul and I have a habit of taking over people and living their lives in their bodies. I was in the body of a tech company boss but he just died. So I'd love to find another life, more of a woman this time. Do you have any bodies to propose me?
Technology, even in the 1940's was quite strange, as an espionage mission, british spies were send to america to gather information in the US government, to achieve this, the british used a special bit of technology, making a full body suit with a voice changer, some men had to play dress up. (Rp)
I missed my friend so much he didn't die but he got into a bad accident and couldn't move or even talk. I miss talking to him and I want to hang out with him again. I wished that I could have some fun with him again and then my girlfriend began to shake and she called me dude. (RP)
It's been 10 years since the great shift has passed and left me in the body of a 39-year-old mother, I'm a few days away from turning 50. I marry the husband of my body again and my son is about to get married. I never thought I will end up enjoying this life.
I guess, in hindsight, swapping with Maya might've not been the brightest idea. Sure she has a huge bosom, but I didn't imagine her H cups would've been such an impairment. She's been jumping around all day long, while I'm here carrying my breasts. Their burden, however, is a novel beautiful thing!
So yeah. My ex girlfriend stole my body and ran off. I’ve not seen her for weeks. I’m starting to think I’m going to be stuck as her forever. Do you really believe me? (RP)
I came across some website called life swappers, it’s filled to the brim with people who don’t want there life’s anymore, a woman named ruby seemed to have a good life until I swapped into her, my mouth was sticky, crap it’s filled with cum, no this can’t happen I can’t be a cum hungry bimbo
You’ve heard of girls using the swap clinic to get someone else to break up with their partners….well yeah apparently so did my mum! Now shes made me be her to deliver my own father divorce papers. Everything about this situation is so wrong and so difficult, even with all the instructions she left!
“How do you like them apples?” My friend texted me with a picture attached. We’d picked the budget option of exchange island; you only swap with your group and he’d gotten my wife. I should be mad but his wife just came back with drinks, she needed to wash down her old juices after eating me out!
My best friend desperatly needed a date for a wedding party. I still owed him some money and he offered to forgive my debt if I let him turn me into a woman. I declined and we worked something else out. Picture is unrelated and is of his new date that he recently met on some online platform.
The Great Shift swapped me into a girl i knew from college. Well I am a very hot model now who only wears skimpy clothes.
when I was offered a trip all paid to a beach and free myself from the stress of my life I never thought it was swap bodies with some wealthy mother, nor that both she and her sister wore clothes so ... Suggestive. this bikini doesn't cover my body at all.
When my girlfriend found a way to swap out bodies a million ideas came to mind one of which was fucking each other while swapped. I was on board but that was before I realized that our motor skills were a bit off. "H-hey stop! That's the wrong hole!" (RP)
I liked Japanese porn. However, I hated how they were censored. “I just wish I could see l some Japanese unpixelated pussy,” I said quietly to myself and *POOF* I turned into this. I was freaking out when I decided to put on a shirt, go next door and talk to you. (RP)
"How hard can it be? I just have to pretend to be my future daughter-in-law for a few hours, pretend to be her and get married. She'll figure out how to reverse this any minute now," but it wouldn't happen. The swap was secretly a punishment from the son, after he found out about the affair.
I was driving to my friends hannahs birthday party. Suddenly, I was hit by a truck. After a flash of light, I woke up in her body with busty boobs, thick bum, celebrating her birthday and hornier than ever
After I lost a bet to you I had to become a girl for the summer after taking a xchange you told me I could stay at your dads resort little did I know you had plans to make me work for the resort and something a little more sinister
Every summer I use my beach house in order to be able to cross dress without anyone finding out. It was the perfect plan and nobody ever came by. This morning I got a knock on the door, I thought it was the neighbor but I was surprised to see you. “Um… I can explain” before you took my picture
As a hopper I was offen asked to hop certain people so my friends could hop them. My friend Luke always wanted to fuck our English Teacher Miss Sommers. She was beautiful but after a five minute handjob Luke already blew his load. I didn't even get off, what a amateur. Should I give him another shot
The only reason I ever came to your house was so I could hop your step-sister after I pretend to leave. She was stunning, and she was mine. Thanks to my hopping powers I used a goddess the same way a child plays with a toy. Only this time you caught me recording my usual videos to send myself. (RP)
Don't you hate it when you're fresh out of the clinic and you get hit by the first rush of hormones and you get home only to find your roommate jerking off in the sofa cause he thought you'd be at the gym but you're so hot and bothered that you end up sitting effortlessly on his handsome dick?
I was tired of being single. Yes I was successful as a tech genius, but my roommate was a bum. I found some tech that I could turn your computer into a body changing remote, changing you to the type of girl of my choosing, making you be in love with me. You wake up in your new body. Now what?
Our work was to sign models for fashion shows. If some of them didn't show up it would mean deductions from payment. So instead one of us turned into her image, the other took a photo as proof that she arrived, after which it was no longer our problem "Take the photo, someone's coming!" I urged (rp)
Second puberty was never an easy thing to deal with, but your son Chris has been slowly getting used to life as a woman. You've been helping him out and teaching him all about being a woman, but today was the day he finally lost his manhood. You decided to help him get used to his new pussy. (RP)
(M4A) A body swap flu had struck the nation, and it just hit your family~ You were now in your wife's body, your son was in your old body, and your wife was now piloting your son~ At first, it was far too awkward for you to even consider sex... But now, you were pent up and desperate to get off~
Hey listen miss Pauline I know I lost that bet we made but did you really have to make my assets so big when you were making a female model in the auto closet, and why did you delete my male body off the auto closet, now I can’t change back
My stud~
Instant Disguises! That is what i call my little piece of magic. Simply pick an object and say the incantation along with your desired disguises name! I went from being a homeless man with a little magic book to an A-list actress! Guess who i am! (Your answer decides who we both play)
I was a 23 year old girl, but one day a friend of my mother, Evelynn, exchanged our bodies, with the excuse of wanting to have fun one weekend, but she disappeared with my body and I haven't seen her for two months. I think this situation is affecting me, no one in my family knows about it. HELP!
I Usually Never Did Lose My Bets, However The One Time I Did, I Had Gone All In. Worst Mistake Ever When X-Change Is On The Line
There Was An Idea That The New Girl Had Something ‘Special’ Going On, And Everyone Became Curious To See, So I Possessed Her. I Can Safely Say, They Were Right.
celebirty swap (chat) tell me little about yourself and i Will tell you into wich celebirty you swap
I’d secretly swapped places with my sister so I could handle her pregnancy for her. I’d been sending her updates for weeks, but now she’s not responding. I’m afraid her husband will catch on soon. (Rp)
"Can I be your little pussy cat?" I get this text message from you early one morning. It seems you found a cursed set of cat ears, you put them on as a joke and now you can't get them off. They put you into heat like a real cat and you cant stop thinking about me. The person you found them with.
It had been five days since the Great Shift. I was one of those who were swapped, I had shifted into my best friend's mom. The government decided to make everyone live the lives of the body they were now in. As your new mom, I took our family to a pool to calm us down, and to "chat' with my new son.
my family was very traditional and this didn't change after the great shift. I was placed in a woman and my family expected me to act like one. tomorrow we go to claim our identities and my mom who was thrown into a guy wants me to claim hers as I'm taking her place anyway. I don't know what to do.
I Had Just Woke Up After The Weird Pill Fiasco, Surprised As You Came Into My Room, Your Print Showing. “uh, Morning?”
free onlyfans
It all started when my dad decided to go to the swap clinic, he didn’t tell me, so I didn’t think anything when he didn’t show up for a couple days. But… when I woke up to… This girl sucking my cock. I knew something was wrong. But now I have a reason to stay home. (RP)
My friend the hung stud~!
"Last night was amazing... but we need to swap back now," last night I picked up this escourt. She slipped a swap pill into my drink. Of course, I freaked out at first but came to enjoy it. But now I need to get back home to my family. Why is she smiling like that, though? (RP)
My friend made me possess my sister and kiss him because of the bet I lost. He got to pick where I kissed him. Now he says that if I don't make him cum he'll tell everyone.
“Pff yeah right” I laughed as I continued to get dressed. Our wives thought it would be fun to spend our vacation as each other only that last month, we were meant to return but the device broke. Our wives frantically tried to fix it, it’s now working but I’m certainly not going back!
Anyone interested in stealing my moms body via bodyswap/possession and using her feet and pussy to dom and fuck me?
"Is he gonna be okay?" "Yeah once he finishes he'll return to his senses." My ex responded to her friend. She believed me to have been cheating on her, so she used a strong spell to turn me into an extremley horny slut. But truth be told, I never cheated, and now I'm likely stuck like this forever!
“Yeah, the Frat’s initiation is kind of weird.” Sigma Alpha’s final test for it’s pledges is simple: take an Xchange Breeder and go 48 hours without getting knocked up. I’m 12 hours in now, and my roommate is looking really good all of a sudden…(DM for RP)
I had lost a lot of money, now I've been made to work for the gang... but they didn't tell me I'd be a woman!! (RP wanted)
I had agreed to swap with our maid for an evening of kinky roleplay with my wife. But my wife decided to extend the swap. First for the weekend, then a week. Expecting me to take on the duties of our maid, and her to take on my role as the Man of the house. I'm starting to fear I'm stuck like this..
I’ll never forget when my daughter told me about how she wanted to be a man like me. And that strange twist of fate when I offered to undergo a permanent swap with her. As I take a selfie of my new self in the swap clinic bathroom I wonder what else my strange destiny has in store for me.
I’ve always wanted to be one of the cosplay girls at a convention. Being looked at with lewd eyes, being hit on without end, maybe even groped? Surely I would end the night with some cute guy right? (Rp)
A few months ago. I ran over a young student girl in a car. To punish me I was forced to live the rest of my life in her body and in her life to replace her. This life is a bit complicated, I would like to find someone to whom I can talk in dm. AMA
My best friend’s mother called me around to her place. Ever since his fiancé left him at the altar he’s been inconsolable. Her solution, cast a spell to turn his best friend into his ideal woman. (RP)
A few weeks ago a storm hit the city. Since then I've been in the body of a mother, I have two daughters and a complicated husband. This life is not easy and I would really like to talk about my problems with someone in chat (that's me trying on a swimsuit with my daughter taking a picture of me)
Our parents grounded me after my sister lied, so to get her back I went ahead and used this VR helmet I ordered online. She's still fully aware in here and I love it when she tries to resist. Not that it matters much though, consent is a myth with me at the wheel~
if you want my body let me know
Hi
Being a waitress at the fanciest of restaurants always meant I met the most rich and crazy people. One day a man told me he wanted to talk after my shift, which I obliged with and now he’s offering me money to let him possess me! I don’t really know what the is? I really don’t know what to do! (RP)
I would be lying if I didn't admit I was an awful politician, if it weren't for my looks and charisma I wouldn't have had a chance, luckily I had my secretary who was a political genius. When I won I felt it was only fair to give her my body and the position. If anything I'm a better secretary!
Sure, it was weird getting swapped into a beautfiul chick at first. But after settling in for a few days, shopping for new clothes and talking everything through with my flatmate, it actually seemed fine. I'm just glad I found some time for myself now, as I hear a knock on the door.. [RP open!]
After my boss and his young trophy wife had a huge fight, they offered to pay me to swap with her for a few weeks and give them a break. It's been nice living a life of pampered luxury, but my husband is even more controlling now than as my boss, and he's starting to demand I do my wifely duties AMA
Me and my friend were poor, as a get rich quick scheme we thought that if one of us took X-change than we can record a porn video, unfortunately I had to take the X-change, I borrowed my sister’s clothes and we shoot the scene, I hated every second of it, getting creampied is disgusting (rp)
After waking up everything felt terribly wrong. The first step I set my entire body was wobbling, thighs rubbing, breasts jumping. I nearly screamed when I looked down and saw... this... the body of the fat university librarian!? Then I received a message from my old phone...
I am a chemistry professor at a prestigious university and I am 40 years old, but a 23 year old student challenged me to a body swap to pass her math exam, if I got a perfect score I would get my body back and earn some money, otherwise we would stay like this forever.
my bully gave me a pill said if I took it he would stop bullying me. I decided to take it but it swapped my bodies with my younger sister (rp wanted)
You Had Never Experienced A Foot-job And Wanted Someone Who Would Help You Get There, But You Were Embarrassed. Luckily For You, I Wasn’t, And Decided To Get The Treatment To Enable Transformation. Look At Us Now
“Like what just happened?”. Me and you had been poking around in your sisters room when we found a strange perfume. One of us sprayed it on ourselves as a joke and we transformed into a woman! (RP open. You can play the girl or I can)
“Like what just happened?”. Me and you had been poking around in your sisters room when we found a strange perfume. One of us sprayed it on ourselves as a joke and we transformed into a woman! (RP open. You can play the girl or I can)
My girlfriend came out to me as being a dom lesbian. She said that our relationship wasn’t going to go anywhere. So, with the help of an X-change, I believe I’ve saved the relationship. I can’t wait to show her! (Rp)
Hi
As a female ghost, my favorite thing to do is possess male bodies and feminize them. Matt here was especially fun. He used to be such a masculine guy, and now "Megan" is getting her back blown out by her old best friend. (RP)
Body swap game. You decide who gets swapped!
I saw an ad for a high paying babysitting company online and immediately hit yes. Little did I know “babysitting” really meant swapping with pregnant mothers so they could go out and have fun. I woke up to a baby crying and massive mounds on my chest… I think somethings coming out…
“Like what just happened?”. Me and you had been poking around in your sisters room when we found a strange perfume. One of us sprayed it on ourselves as a joke and we transformed into a woman! (RP open. You can play the girl or I can)
As soon as my semen hit his chest, the AI-generated bimbo personality in the suit began to fade, allowing my friend to act himself again. "What the hell did you just make me do?! You're such an asshole!". Thank goodness there's more than one mental setting on this suit. (RP)
My wife is a college professor. every now and then when a troublemaker joins her class she make them skin suits and bring them home for me to have some fun. (RP wanted)
It’s funny, I got my swap surgery just last year and ever since i’ve been getting a lot of calls from people back in high school. At first I started responding out of curiosity, and now… lets just say I know the size of half my senior class, worst part is- I think I’m getting really good at this
My stepmom and I had been in the middle of an intense affair when the FOSE hit. I’ll never forget regaining consciousness as cum filled my new vagina. Needless to say we both agreed to keep quite about what happened and assume each other’s lives. We’re even still sneaking around with each other!
the first thing I did after obtaining my new body was meeting my bullies. I milked them senseless and had them moaning. I've never felt more powerful.
I was at the club when someone spiked my drink with a xchange pill suddenly my body and clothes changed and no one know who I really am (rp wanted)
I saw a strange smoothie in the fridge and I drank it. Next thing I know, I have long blonde hair, a tight flat stomach, two perfectly round boobs, and a smooth crotch. And I can’t stop thinking about older guys. (RP)
When the Swap Storm hit our town, My Dad and I were sent a couple streets over into these girls that went to school with me. It only took a couple days for us to throw ourselves at eachother. It's so cute how much of a virgin my dad is, he gets so overwhelmed when I get all steamy lesbian on him
When Doc Ock tried to use this device on me it failed and I took it home to analyze it. It went off and suddenly I was in my wife's body. Now the machine isn't working and I'm stuck powerless in her body. "babe can you get off the wall and help me fix this?" I sighed as I poked at the device.
Mr. Leeds wanted something particular. He wanted a trophy, a barbie, the epitome of femininity that no real woman could ever be. Me? I needed something. I needed money to support my little siblings after my father died. And so, using his technology, we came to an arrangement. (LIT RP)
[M4M2F] Damn that comet making the 5% club!
"Really? You think that I'm just gonna pretend to be you on a date with some nerd because you asked? You have to be-" With that my sister pulled up a picture of me crossdressing... and here I am... on that date...
If you had the powers to swap people’s bodies. Who would you swap me with??
I woke up one morning I'm a wildly ridiculous scenario I never would've expected. I was my neighbor, who was a slightly older single woman I used to consider a milf. I tried to contact my old self via the phone but either she was playing dumb as me ore something weirder is going on here....
I get off on two things; power and swapping my body. Often the two go hand in hand like in the case of Williams, he’s in severe debt to my casino so I offered an ultimatum. I’m not totally evil though I did order some prostitutes to my penthouse for his wife to explore her new masculinity with ;)
Me and my wife has suspicions that our daughter was throwing huge parties when we were out of town. But had no solid evidence so my wife hatched a plan to get one by ordering us a skinsuit of a girl her age. We flipped a coin to see who’d be tasked with wearing it…I thought heads was lucky!
my sister was going on a double date to a festival with her friend. but her friend pulled out last minute so she turned me into a sexy rave girl so I could go on a date with her and two guys I don't know (rp wanted)
I sadly wasn’t affected by the great shift, but my friend was. It’s weird getting used to him in his new body. But he’s definitely enjoying the fact that he can tease me with his new curves. Can you blame him though? Now… how do I admit to him that I like it? (RP)
You were a pathetic loser who was always bullied, your bully forced you to drink some sparking drink....you wake up like this I'm his room..and fuck you a soaking wet and horny...
I get off on two things; power and swapping my body. Often the two go hand in hand like in the case of Williams, he’s in severe debt to my casino so I offered an ultimatum. I’m not totally evil though I did order some prostitutes to my penthouse for his wife to explore my old masculinity with ;)
I had thought I lost everything when I went into Witness Protection. My young muscular form was lost forever and I had to adapt to a middle aged woman’s life. Luckily my new husband was very supportive of me every step of the way. Now being a suburban housewife doesn’t seem so bad.
You (my best friend) were going on vacation with your family, and asked me to go. When I asked my dad if I could go I said no cause your family is black. So I found out a way to posses your aunt and go with you on vacations.
Victor and me went out for dinner and some drinks. We were having a delicious dinner at the restaurant when suddenly a lightning impacts the place making him change bodies with the busty asian girl that was standing next to him, now he thinks he always has been a girl and claims to be called Vi (RP)
(M4F) Body swap chat and RP
"Hey, I get that things are like... different between us, the great shift literally turned me into a girl, but if you've got a crush can you just say? I might say yes to a date if you don't get weird about it..." I moved back into my apartment after the great shift... and my room mates been weird.
I figured I may as well document my experience. Late last night a package with some random clothes showed up at my door. When I picked up a pink bra, fascination overtook me and I jokingly put it on. Now I had the perfect body to match it... I just hope I return to normal when I take it off...
Curious about exploring sex from the other side, as a girl and as a submissive, I'd asked you to temporarily turn me into this petite submissive slut. It was only supposed to be for the weekend, but I've put myself at your mercy, and now you're teasing me about keeping me this way. It's so hot...AMA
Taking An X-Change Was Something I Thought Would Be Fun As A Joke For My Flatmates. I Would Have Never Guessed The Side-Effects
My boyfriend is like, SO amazing! He used to bully me, but then one day he made me, like, eat this pink pill, and it made me SUPER cute! And he lets me wear these ADORABLE outfits, isn't he the best?! :)
It’s been a week since Rebecca stole my body. I just discovered her online persona. THIS is what my girlfriend’s mom does in secret!?
I had been living in the streets for the last few years, in a dark alleyway that was my home when I was taken. I am sure my abductors knew no one would miss me when they took me off the streets. Now I find myself in a penthouse apartment looking like this. I wonder who my generous benefactor is?
I had gone to the club but someone had drugged my drink with a extra slutty xchange pill luckily their was a guy outside who could help me out (rp wanted)
I had gone to the club but someone had drugged my drink with a extra slutty xchange pill luckily their was a guy outside who could help me out (rp wanted)
My best friend has had such a bad time recently! His girlfriend broke up with him, he got fired from his job... I cant possibly sit back and watch this happen to him. ill try maake it better-
You Always Complained More And More About How Your Libido Kept Spiking And You Had Nobody To Help You With It. So, Popping An X-Change, I Decided To Change That.
Hi
My girlfriend was being very suspicious. She was going to a party and I couldn’t trust her. I decided to go undercover. I bought a skin suit and put it on and drove to the party where my girlfriend was. Just then you see me.
I was a trainer for a very well known gym. You said you wanted a body like mine. But little did I know you wanted was my body. Before our first lesson started you made me look into your eyes. After one blink everything went dark until I was looking at my own face starting back at me with a smile..
I Knew Taking A Bet With Two Gamblers Was A Bad Idea, But The Possible Pay Was Huge. Now, I’m Paying Them By Using Their X-Change.
You Usually Bullied My Best Friend, And I Wanted To Do Something To Stop You. So, Listening, I Drank That Drink Of Yours, Letting The Changes Take Place, So That We Could Discuss Further.
I promised my wife I’d take good care of her body, and that includes her skincare routine. I don’t mind at all. In fact, I love the way her soft skin feels! When I’m in her body, I enjoy getting out of bed in the mornings.
My company does a fashion show every week to show off our new dresses, to do this I swap with our spare body in the store room. Something strange happened this week and I'm still inside her two days later! I keep getting wierd looks from people I know...
As I stood in the Gender Chamber, the bright lights spinning around the blue interior, I wondered whether this would work. Either way, volunteering for the program would pay my tuition. But as the process ended, I realized it had. And I would be spending my semester like this. (Looking for Lit RP)
[Part 1 in comments] My girlfriends plan kinda back fired as we realised we liked each other way more and I loved being a girl around Jane. I've been lying to my girl friend about going in business trips when really Jane and I will go to hotels as a couple. This is our longest trip yet a full week.
My gf was going to her friends girls party but her shoes broke, so I agreed to let her turn me into a pair of heels for her. Long story short, after the girls made like fifth trip down into the wine cellar thru the narrow steps they all decided to leave their shoes down there to walk more easily(rp)
Ugggh I HATE my wife. The bitch caught me cheating and turned me into this dumb whore. I wish I was at home right now but she threatened to never change me back if I don’t go clubbing
“Fine, you have your picture, so give me the antidote.” (Rp)
in my school a girl did a spell that turned all the boys into women, my mother was very mad and thought about suing the school because her only son was now her bustier daughter, but later while I bounced my new boobs and told her she smiled she realized that she was happy being a busty woman🍒💗🍒
My family has a tradition that two members of the family randomly swap bodies, unfortunately I got my cousin, this is such a nightmare, none of my clothes fit her, Ew I just saw my cousin naked (rp)
Turns out if you still ask the Starbucks staff for breast milk they don't like it. I found out the hard way, so now yes you can get breast milk...
I discovered my possession abilities and a creepy guy offered me money to possess this girl. Being broke I couldn’t refuse. I was scared at first as he wanted to do sexual stuff to me. However after spending the weekend being his slave I found I’ve got a new kink! Anyone else want to hire me? (RP)
My wife told me I needed to get to know my stepdaughter better. When I told my stepdaughter that, she smiled and invited me to a music festival with her. I gladly accepted. She didn’t say that we’d be sharing her body or basically be naked! (RP)
My friend sprained an ankle during practice so I decided to cover for her. The Cheerleading Captain insisted I took an X-Change pill. Hesitantly, I agreed. At first I was amazed by how light flexible and agile I was. Then I got so wet and even started lactating. They gave me a fucking breeding pill!
Katie just couldn’t seem to shake the feeling that she was being followed. She felt that at least in a public place, she would be safe, as other people were around. Thankfully for her, it had worked - for the first time in days, she was actually able to relax and take her mind off of being followed.
Drunk late one night, my friends thought it would be funny to break into the local fortune teller's house. When we jumped over the fence, a shimmering pool caught our eye with a big sign reading: The Pool of Change. With a laugh, my friend pushed me in. But when I emerged again, I had indeed changed
Every time my friend, Harvey, came to town, he’d always bring the X-Change and we’d have a wild weekend. This time was going to be the last time, we’d agreed, and it has going be insane. (RP)
My ex drugged with an xchange pill after we broke up. This pill was one with an extra slut dosage and I can’t stop posting things like this. I need dick. I hope my roommate or someone else comes by soon. I’ll take literally anyone. (RP)
As a swap trainer you get all kinds of weird clients although the weirdest would probably have to be my own mum! Since I’m her son she does take some liberties, for example I just finished my work out and was getting ready to swap back when she sent me a picture of her holding my girlfriends hand…..
“Don’t worry about me babe just enjoy your night out with my friends!” I texted attaching a photo, “I’m going to catch up with an old friend ;)”. My girlfriend was depressed and her usual vices weren’t working…I offered the ultimate escapism and so far she seems so much happier!
I was so jealous of Brad. He was so popular, and had the hottest girl on campus as his girlfriend. Plus I heard they were into some kinky stuff. So I swapped into him and let me tell you. This is not what I expected(RP)
I was shocked when my girlfriend suggested we should swap bodies for our date but I’m having a blast and I think she is too! She didn’t tell me about needing to wear a bra though so I’m a little embarrassed. (RP)
in my school a girl did a spell that turned all the boys into women, my mother was very mad and thought about suing the school because her only son was now her bustier daughter, but later while I bounced my new boobs and told her she smiled she realized that she was happy being a busty woman🍒👑
My friend and I had swapped bodies with our girlfriends for a challenge they chose, we were on our way back home from the mall. I had decided to take a snap of us in our girlfriends bodies from the front seat and sent it to my girl. Suddenly I got a notif that my girlfriend was typing…(RP Wanted)
I couldn’t believe it when you took that pill so you could look really good for you Velma cosplay…I didn’t know it would swap you into a hot Velma…how am I meant to resist this! I can’t! (Rp wanted)
Anyone interested in stealing my moms body via bodyswap/possession and using her feet and pussy to dom and fuck me?
It had been years since I had had a job now, still living at home with my Dad, spending all day on the computer. He told me that is enough is enough, if I don't get a job I would have to help out more. We got into a big fight. The next day I woke up as a woman with my Dad standing over me
in my school a girl did a spell that turned all the boys into women, my mother was very mad and thought about suing the school because her only son was now her bustier daughter, but later while I bounced my new boobs and told her she smiled she realized that she was happy being a busty woman🍒💗🍒
The Family swap upped it reward, £50 per day per person swapped! My mum signed us up but everyone found excuses to be out of town for the week. Except she convinced me to stay offering me all the money at the end…if we stick to our roles when everyone comes back…I’ve got a lot to learn in a week!
I have just gone through my second puberty and I have turned into a woman. My life is so messed up now. I would like a confidant who I could talk to about everything that is happening to me now that I am in this body.
I told you aunt, I was in love with you, for years I always saw you and I couldn't avoid an boner, you used me and made fun of me, you forced me to put on your underwear and you humiliated me, but now I am you and you are now I am the woman and these tits are mine, now you’re a boy HAHA😭😂💗🍒💗
Since I changed bodies with my busty Mexican cousin, all the guys have tried to fuck me, it's uncomfortable because even my best friends have a boner every time they see me, but I'm not an easy woman, this body is not for anyone though i might let some guy fuck me like a busty bitch 💗🍒🇲🇽🍒💗
Does anyone have this video, no website will play it :)
So glad you decided to crash at my place after the Halloween party…I know how naughty you get when your drunk buddy…and so glad your wearing this body suit makes it soooo much better🥵
F4M - You let me live rent free in your apartment, the only catch is I have to spend every evening under your desk sucking your cock in your neighbour's body.
My roommate sighs in exasperation. “For the last time, I don’t know how to swap back, and to be honest, I don’t want to. You’re lucky I haven’t moved it.” I start to argue, but I force a smile as my boyfriend walks up, putting his arm around her.
Ever since my best friends sister asked to swap with me, our lives have been better, she was happy as male while I was happy as female, plus I could get closer with my best friend, even if he had no idea it me he’s fucking, his dick feels so good.
Interested in bulges, tomboys, peeing, etc.
“Ugh I can’t wait to leave” I said to myself as I heard a feminine voice in the background “crap did I come into the womens restroom” as I muttered those words my body was aching, I was growing breasts and my cock was gone, the womens restroom was turning me into a woman
I storm into 'my' room and ask "wtf sis?!?! why am I in your stupid body? I dont want my sisters breasts on me... dont smile like that, this is not funny!"(open RP\AMA)
After my friend got sick on the day of her wedding, I agreed to let her use her grandma's old spellbook to transform both of us into each other, so I could stand in for her at the altar. I wasn't supposed to stand in for her on her wedding night, but things don't always turn out the way you plan AMA
(M4F RP) You saw that the swap clinic had a special going on a smart blonde with above average tits and ass. You jumped at the opportunity but now realize why there was a discount. You don't have limbs now and will need a lot of help
I was out shopping with my step sister when she said she wasn't feeling well as she stared at me. I watched as her eyes transformed from a dark brown to bright blue. "Sis... are you okay?" I asked as she stared at me with the most devilish grin
So far, everything thing about my new body seemed perfect. The swap clinic had really gotten me a good deal! Then you texted me... and I realized the old owner hadn't told me she was a Sugar baby... and she clearly hadn't told YOU she was swapping... god I hope I can convince my new Sugar Daddy...
Mr. Fletcher is the man I could never be: he's smart, kind, funny, caring, hung, he lasts for hours, and keeps it up after nutting; he's all-in-all a rough yet tender giver in bed. I never thought I'd say this, but he makes me love being sodomized. I'm not sure what Mrs. Fletcher didn't see in him.
"Of cawhse, I'm from Brooklynn, I doan need yuh tuh tell me dat puddin'." A moment ago you'd been born in Michigan but magical gaslighting let me make all kinds of fun changes to you... (RP)
“Yeah it’s so much different. There’s nothing to point and aim. You just kind of relax your muscles and it comes flowing out.” I got swapped with a girl in swap class and you have asked me to describe all the differences between guys and girls. (RP)
(M4F RP) You saw that the swap clinic had a special going on a smart blonde with above average tits and ass. You jumped at the opportunity but now realize why there was a discount. You don't have limbs now and will need a lot of help
All it took was a snip and two bags of silicone for me to become a passable Duchess of Beaufort. She sealed herself in her panic room when I tripped the alarm on her country estate. I simply cut the power to it and had 'my' new servants brick up the entrance as I revel in her life, body and wealth
Your sister’s wedding was coming up, and you desperately needed a date to convince your family that the girlfriend you’d been bragging to them about was real. Taking pity on you, I popped an Xchange and bought a dress to play the role of your arm candy...(DM for RP)
"This is literal torture" I moaned, i had recently died in a accident and because i was a sinner i was sent to hell. Upon arriving there i was told they had the perfect punishment for me because of all my sins and then they turned me into a succubus and now i have to serve my bully for eternity(Rp)
It's been 9 months since I used LifeSwap to swap with Lindsay and I've never been happier in my new life. Me and my husband are even expecting now! So if you have any questions, whether about my life or the LifeSwap process, feel free to ask! (AMA or open to RP ideas. More in comments)
When I used my final wish to ask for the body ever girl dreams of having I didn't expect this! Now here I am stuck in this body ready to have everyone stare at me in the gym!
You couldn’t believe it! You finally got the Body you dreamed of! You planned on tricking your friend to become your new boyfriend, just because you could! Plus you knew he was single. But what do you text him? (RP)
Well I finally got my body back. Someone had swapped and stolen it for a year. though I didn't expect to look like this. I used to be buff and masculine! at least I still have my dick.
I’ve got a problem. I think my friend is trapped inside a skinsuit. He keeps telling me how I’ll replace his true love… but I don’t understand. He isn’t really the Scarlett Witch… is he? (RP)
I was a broke college student the only place hiring was hooters so I decided to take a xchamge pill and apply for a job (rp wanted)
The great shift put Angel in her old fat neighbor's body. She was worried at what he could be doing with her body while he was at his work as a builder, so she went there, only to find him doing what she was imagining with his coworkers. She was so disgusted and cursed the great shift.
When my partners saw how inadequate I was they said: "Oh, size doesn't matter! Blah blah blah" and while that's true and after confirming that by myself, first pussy experience, by swapping with Mrs Fletcher. I have to confess that my personal preference is the long gripping plow of a thick cock!
My bottom friend wanted to be serve me by being a girl but he fucked up the spell and it turned me into a trans now. As a revenge I have kept him as my cum slut who would suck me off everytime I want to. Don't tell me I have started enjoying my life and the love i get as girl. I like guilt fucking.
You can chooseeee who should I change into! Please send pics or links in comments
"What'd you do to me!" I exclaimed as Amy admired her male form. She was my neighbor and childhood friend but we hadn't hung out in a bit when she invited me to a party in the woods. Only there was no party, just a witch's circle. She was closet-trans and needed my masculine energy to alter reality.
Laura was just walking down the street when she caught the attention of a body hopper. When he forced himself into her body, he couldn’t resist showing it off. He quickly turned herself around, in the direction of the local strip club. Once there, “Laura” would do anything for a generous tip.
This used to be my stepsister, until we swapped bodies. At first I hated it but I decided to use it to my advantage and make a name for myself. I became successful in her sexy body. After our parents split, we still kept in contact. Tonight i’m going to meet her…I wonder how she’ll react…(RP Wanted)
after the great shift I was thrown into a woman across town. my dad was unshifted and my mom was missing. he filed my great shift recovery form but when IDs were sent out mine had my mom's info. my dad lied and said I was her. now I'm stuck as his wife. (RP)
HELP, I am stuck in the body of the man who's son I hit with a car
[kik rp kiatia333] when you got a pill to change someone’s gender you had no idea your friend would look like this
I got a call from my brother-in-law. “Hey man, your sister is really struggling with this pregnancy thing. It’s kicking her ass. She found a body swap spell or something that she wants me to use, but it has to be a blood relative.” I sigh. “Anything for my sister. How long does the spell last?” (RP)
I’m so lucky that the clinic had this hot body available. I’ve always wanted to be a girl and now I’m able to live the dream. I’m totally going to the beach to tan and check out the guys. (RP)
I just woke up in this prostitute's body, I remember I hired her and she drugged me when I got to the motel room, I don't know how to walk in high heels and I don't have any money, I don't know what to do!
what are some body swap fantasies (nasty or not) that gets you off the most?
Hello humans! I am the Fae known as Lady June. Last November one of my sisters came and punished some people but I'm not like that. I've come to grant wishes, your wishes! So tell me your wishes and I'll make your worries disappear!
Ok, this is awkward. I had this power to possess inanimate objects and bring them to life. So when I heard Pete Davidson bought a sex doll last night, I had to try it. Unlucky for me though, 10 minutes in and he came home. I had to go stiff like in toy story, trying not to blow my cover
You asked me to come to your parents Halloween party, but I didn’t have a costume. I reluctantly accepted the first one you handed me, not expecting what happened next… (RP)
I addicted my roommates to my cock. I gave them matching rings as a gift, cursed to make them mine. Everytime they saw it, their minds and bodies would change a little. I’d ‘accidentally’ send them dick pics or leave to bathroom door open. Now, they are my bitches and I own this apartment
I was going to take my girlfriend to the show she has wanted to see for months now. But she seems bored, I don't know why she was so excited yesterday and now she looks annoyed. I was really shocked when she said she wanted to go to the club instead. (RP)
"You home? I just took a new host, she was leaving the gym check her out in the video i sent, but hurry up if i dont hear from soon i'll find someone else to help explore my new body."
I thought myself clever, possessing my sister for the day without anyone knowing to have some fun. Little did I know our older sister heard me casting the spell and told our mom and they decided to play along but make my life hell for a day as her. (rp)
Wonderful ladies of r/bodyswap, what is one piece of advice or fact about the female body you would like to explain better to the men of this sub?
With rumors of a mysterious phenomenon swapping the bodies of two people if they were to cum to the thought of an individual, many opted to stop until it was discovered why. I was unfortunate that multiple people were thinking of me, who did I become? (Rp)
As I took the X-Change pill I realized it was for permanent change! Whilst checking out my body and ass I thought "Maybe I will enjoy being a hot gym girl"
In swap class I was so glad I got the hot girl to swap bodies with, that was until her parents walked in on me humping her pillow
I gave a small bracelet to a cosplayer at a convention, when she put it on, the magic started to work, we both swapped bodies, she went crazy inside my former body and started screaming and insulting me, she got kicked out of the convention. I started to have some fun after the event.
I couldn’t believe it when you took that pill so you could look really good for your Velma cosplay…I didn’t know it would swap you into a hot Velma…how am I meant to resist this! I can’t! (Rp wanted)
"Finally you're here, asshole! Missing mommy?" When I came back home I came across this scene, my mother almost naked teasing me with some huge fake tits. "This bitch tought she could expell me, but I will expell all dignity of this filthy whore. I'll send you some vids for you jack off later."
My sister gave me a "Energy Vitamin" to help me through the day, little did I know it was a Gender swap pill! Now I have long blonde hair and a body to match! My sister said with my new body I will make us tiktok famous!!
“Happy now” I captioned this video before sending it to my friend, my friend used a drug that turned me into a woman, the only way he said he’ll give me the antidote is if I dress up like a girl and wear makeup, I feel like a total sissy (rp)
"Like this?" You asked as you struck a pose showing off your new form. As a shapeshifter, you could change it at will, thanks to the collar I'd put around your neck it was now my will rather than your own. (RP)
"What do you do to me!" I exclaimed as Amy admired her male form. She was my neighbor and childhood friend but we hadn't hung out in a bit when she invited me to a party in the wood. Only there was no party, just a witch's circle. She was closet-trans and needed my masculine energy to alter reality.
"What do you do to me!" I exclaimed as Amy admired her male form. She was my neighbor and childhood friend but we hadn't hung out in a bit when she invited me to a party in the wood. Only there was no party, just a witch's circle. She was closet-trans and needed my masculine energy to alter reality.
Mom was a jealous woman, and as dad became more and more distant, she feared he was seeing a younger woman. To keep the family together, all three of us went to Swap Counseling, where dad was put into a tempestuous body. But due to his lusty nature, I his son, had to be his lover to keep him at home
"So, are you going to have sex with me or something? I ask because I managed to overthrow Courtney, and now these tits are OURS to play with," my girlfriend's soulless body suddenly texted one day. On one hand, I didn't want to mess around with "her" without her permission, but on the other? Repost
I sat down to collect my thoughts. I aired for the first time in 15 minutes, and I was so nervous. I always wanted to be a reporter, but there was only an opening for a female reporter in the morning.I said I’d do anything, and surprisingly you gave me the job. You came to see me,”hey, wish me luck”
You Couldn’t Find The Pink X-Change, And Decided To Go Find A Purple To Prank Your Brother. It Was Clear It Worked, With A Little Surprise.
After pissing off the chick who was into magic and spells she swapped our bodies. She thought it would be a punishment for me but I was loving it. To show her how much I was loving it, I sent her this snap and I saw that she sent a snap back and when I opened it it was a pic of my cock…(RP Wanted)
In my family, people who are unemployed turn into women. If they can't work then they have to give birth. That's how our genes work. Unfortunately I lost my job and I turned into a woman. It's really complicated to be in this body so I would need a confidant, someone to talk to.
I'd said no to them getting my measurements, no to them shopping for me, no to me trying on the outfits. But a group of overeager girls is hard to dissuade and they wanted to help me after my bout with Gender Flu. That's why I was in the bathroom, sending this selfie and hoping it'd placate them.
I was going to take my girlfriend to the show she has wanted to see for months now. But she seems bored, I don't know why she was so excited yesterday and now she looks annoyed. I was really shocked when she said she wanted to go to the club instead. (RP)
(M4F RP) You saw that the swap clinic had a special going on a smart blonde with above average tits and ass. You jumped at the opportunity but now realize why there was a discount. You don't have limbs now and will need a lot of help
My uncle Brad was always a bit of a sexist, he thought women were only good for cooking, cleaning and sex. Well my cousin had enough of her dad and swapped there bodies. I think Uncle Brad was angry at first but now I think He is Starting to enjoy it. (RP)
At the end of the school year I retired from 40 years of teaching. One of my retirement gifts was a Swapclinic voucher. vouchers only allowed for at location in-stock claims so I knew things would be limited. Imagine my suprise when I saw Alisha, this year's valedictorian. Next fall, will be amazing
(M4A) Your sister was a witch who loved casting a genital swap spell on you~ While she was using your dick to have fun with all of her girl friends, you were stuck with a tight, sensitive pussy that you couldn't help but want to explore... Two texts to your best friend later and...
I told you Alexa, I was in love with you, for years I always saw you and I couldn't avoid an boner, you used me and made fun of me, you forced me to put on your underwear and you humiliated me, but now I am you and you are now I am the woman and these tits are mine, now you’re a boy HAHA😭😂💗🍒💗
Roleplay [m4F]18+: A vessel for selfcest/twinning/cloning.
“Oh please you were the one that suggested me and Amy got to know each other better” I smirked sipping my juice. “How was I to know she wanted to step into your old mans shoes, anyway speaking the way you are is very sexist, she…I’m not your property you know” I wink loving this situation.
At first, the idea of your sister swapping with your best friend didn’t sound so bad. You thought it’d be just like hanging out with him all the time. However, he would constantly play with her body. If that wasn’t bad enough, he’s developed a way to torture you by showing off her body to you.
I swapped bodies with my sister to give her a break from the pregnancy troubles. She decided that she liked my body better, so… motherhood, here I come. (Rp)
My girlfriend revealed to me she had a rare ability, where she could mold people into whatever she wanted, like clay. Not believing her, she demonstrated, one night molding me into her ideal female friend, running her hands along my new growing breasts. "Still skeptical?" She'd grin mischievously.
Looped video - keep going until you choose your female body. 😘
Dude do you remember when you want to see your mom’s social media? So I’ve found a way to posses people with this ring. And if you let me I can posses your mother and show you her social media. You let me posses her?
I was the only Male cheerleader on the cheer team, so of course I got bullied, but no one was a bigger bully then the captain of the basketball team. But he didnt know I had a special chant just for him. He was our new recruit, and in honor of his past, his assets are basketball sized. (Rp)
My fiancée asked me to try the swap pill so I could better understand her before we got married. After getting used to my much smaller body, my girlfriend brought out the strap-on and things were never the same. It’s now been a month of this and we’re supposed to get married tomorrow…
My landlord threatened to kick me out of my apartment because he said it wasnt clean enough. Well, I was not having it, if he wanted it cleaned so badly he could do it himself. Though I think he sorta became too into vaccuming. (Rp)
My fiancée asked me to try the swap pill so I could better understand her before we got married. After getting used to my much smaller body, my girlfriend brought out the strap-on and things were never the same. It’s now been a month of this and we’re supposed to get married tomorrow…
Nothing like the towns superhero thinking he's immune to my new special reality altering device. Making him my new lowly henchwoman who was so much lower then me, practically worshipping me was the best victory I could've ever had. (Rp)
It's been three weeks since my drink was spiked with X-change. It was a new way people were being robbed, spiked with X-change Permanent, wait for the transformation... take their stuff. I was sad at first but after a while I'm starting to really, really like being stuck as a girl!
Don't play around with arcane spells. If you're a rank amateur like I was, you'll screw it up. I tried to change reality to make me my crush's boyfriend. Instead, I became her sister. I'm sure if I tried to fix it, I wouldn't... and honestly... it's not so bad being half of a cute pair of sisters.
It was my son's first day of Swap Class. I overheard him talking to his professor that something must of went wrong, that his body lost control at just the sight of it. He wanted to swap back, but I had other plans. I'm going to enjoy the next six months and I think he will too.
(M4A) There were plenty of perks that came with having a shapeshifting chameleon girl as my roommate~ She's cute, she's super cuddly since she enjoys body heat, and in exchange for some homework help, she'll turn into whoever I want for a quick fuck session~ (Bonus points if you know the character~)
"Your mom's a squirter lol" I texted you -my bully- as the ultimate power move, except it's not what you think. After seducing your mom, she couldn't resist my feeble nerdy body and we swapped. She just knew how to please me with my below average cock. "The hole you came out of feels amazing, neat!"
"Your mom's best angle is naked and on her knees! Dude, we've always known she such a MILF. But don't be mad at me, I wouldn't dare putting my dick anywhere near her. Since we swapped, it's technically her giving herself the best BJ of her life; and trust me I well know how to suck my own dick" (2)
You saw your once innocent wife wearing lingerie and smoking. The worst part? she wasnt in control of her body, instead, some low level gang henchman who had taken her over and was monitoring you, a police officer of the anti hopper task force, so you dont blab about the crime to anyone(RP)
Dude do you remember when you want to see your mom’s social media? So I’ve found a way to posses people with this ring. And if you let me I can posses your mother and show you her social media. You let me posses her?
I've been a clueless airhead all my life, and certainly Second Puberty didn't help out in that regard. Even now, as I meet you, I don't notice the paint on my nose. [RP]
I just woke up in the body of this prostitute, I remember that I hired her and she drugged me when I got to the motel room, now I don't know what to do
Q&amp;A - yesterday I was a 25 year old Chef, womaniser called Aaron...today I woke up with a curse put on me by a witch, she's turned me into a 50 year old WOMAN!!
A news cast made its way onto everyone’s tv but before anything could be said the worlds power cut out, I felt my body changing I was growing breasts, my fat doubled in size, my belly also grew 3 times it’s size, the worlds air was covered in female hormones, there wasn’t a single man left
“Man..” I say, exhausted as I sit down in my girlfriend’s best friend’s body. “This was an interesting day, and I’m glad your device worked, babe, but I think it’s time to switch back. Right?” I ask, but the two of them don’t seem to be listening to me.
"ok fine ill show you!" I say slamming the door "but only this once". Why does everyone want to see my boobs now i have recovered from the gender flu
I was cheating on my girlfriend she got angry and swapped our bodies telling me I had to fuck her ex for us to swap back (rp wanted)
I planned to surprise my dad as he arrived home. He was going through a nasty divorce with my step-mom. She was lying and winning. So I took it upon myself to fix the problem by permanently possessing her. But I'd soon learn he had cast a spell of his own, to make her do anything he said...
for swap class I got swapped with the quiet girl little did I know she was flirting with the class bully it was hard not to send him pictures with how much he asked for them (rp wanted)
I stand in the room, looking stunned. “What do you mean, the machine is broken? My boyfriend will be home soon!” I say in a squeaky voice, leaning forward miserably. “I guess that means I’m you for the week.” She smirks. “See you in class tomorrow!”
"I told you not to fuck with me, now i have your girls body" I messaged you. I was your landlord and for the last 4 month you havent paid your rent so in retaliation i decided to steal your girlfriends body as payment for the 4 months lost rent.The question is wil you get revenge or let this go?(Rp)
There was a recall for pool chemicals; we were unaware why but when you began to sprout breasts from your chest we began to suspect.
I thought it would be funny to try on my sisters glasses when she left them on the counter top. I didn’t expect myself to be sucked into her body and be stuck in her. (RP)
So finally my wife and I agreed to fully commit to a 24hr body swap . We engaged the shaman and performed the nude tantric spell. Now we would engage in intercourse then separate for the remainder of the day to ‘ experiment’ outside the marriage . What will we do …
I just broke up with my girl friend (witch) last night. I wake up this morning to the feeling that something doesn’t feel right what happened to me
I had gotten an interview for a job but it was overseas. the company said they would use the swap clinic to put me in a company secretary so I could do the interview. After the interview I went back to the swap clinic but she had left in my body. they close in 10 minutes. (RP)
I was hanging out at my best friends place when his girlfriend came home all excited. She had a pair of rings in her hand and when she saw I was there her face lit up. She wanted to do a test and being four beers in I agreed blindly. When I realised what the test was it was too late to back out!
Your Black friend was always having trouble with girlfriends and you never knew why. Just that he couldn't keep them past a month, you decided to see why. (rp in dms)
I was about to confront my cheating boyfriend seeing that he’s dumb enough to book a hotel room with my credit card.. the whore however turns out to be my sister, that slut.. well they both deserve to be taught a lesson so I ordered champagne to their room and spiked it with a body swap potion..
My sister was throwing a house party while our parents were away. I told her I won't let allow it but she just said some magic words and sent my mind away, knowingly targeting the farthest living one of her classmates. By the time I came back as her, the party was well underway. (rp)
The God(dess) of Chaos....
Since swap class started a week ago, this boy has been posting revealing pics of my body non stop on my Instagram. The worst part is, the pics are turning me on inside of his body and it feels too good! (Rp?)
Like dude, you’ve got to come over and help me! All I remember is making fun of some bimbos and I woke up like this! Are… these tits fake??
"What do you mean the operation was a success?" Turns out when I the ER doctor to do absolutely anything to keep me alive, he took it VERY seriously. As my body died, he put my mind into a patient who had lost their mind. Now I have to take over her life? This... is going to take some adjustments.
Want to get feminized
My sister and I swapped, so I could go to a sorority party she didn't want to attend. Now this guy I hate keeps hitting on me and won't take no for an answer. he is kinda cute though.... (RP)
I've been a clueless airhead all of my life, and Second Puberty didn't really help out in that regard. Even now, I couldn't even feel the paint on my nose. [RP]
In the near future. A machine can make you young again with any changes you want to your body. The only downside is the cost. You either retire or use everything to be young again. I tried for a new life to be a muscle bound jock and well got what someone else wanted. What will you choose?
Who can do rp with me
Yup that's me! You're probably wondering how I got here. I went from 23 broke college student to 32 hotwife! Not only I enjoy of a weekly 4 figure allowance, I adore being bred by my hung hubby every weekend as part of a feminist program that swapped disenchanted women with nerdy losers like myself.
The Role Exchanger finally stopped, I luckily didn't get effected but my best friend did. He got boobs from his sister and the ass from his sexy neighbor. He changed genders and he is basically unrecognizable I think he secretly likes his new body though. (RP)
I was never the best player on the team and was about to be cut. The coach said In order to stay on the team I had to become a cheerleader and make sure the team is ready before the big game no matter what the require (RP)
looking for a f2m rp
✨New video✨You’re one of our new models.
I might've gotten a bit carried away with the part swapper device. I tried to fix it but dropped the remote, causing me to swap almost completely with my apartment neighbor, except now I had her boyfriends dick, and a local sluts sex drive and intelligence. I need to fix this... maybe later...
I'm a hopper, but not one of the proficient or controlled ones... my powers are so potent that I find myself swapping not just bodies but personalities with people. Here's one of those moments where I come to, right as this girl was about to suck her boyfriend's dick. Sad part is... I still want to.
Victor was in trouble when he got visited from the cop. He robbed this woman's house and somehow swapped bodies with her, so he tried to not blow his cover and go to jail, but it was useless as his old body didn't stop talking about not being him, so he used his hot new body to get out of this mess.
we had been arguing a lot lately and our parents were sick of it. that is when they decided to swap our bodies so we would learn understand eachother better. this is ur new reflection. what are you gonna do with ur new body??
I made the mistake of hopping into my neighbors wife while they were having sex. Now I’m trapped, but… my life has gotten so much easier. (Rp open.)
So far I had really been enjoying Swap Class, even if I was in my teacher Mrs. Townes’ body. Funny thing though she took a seamster abroad in my body and missed our swap back date! Now that I’m her for good I have to figure out how to make the most of my new self.
It's been three weeks since my drink was spiked with X-change. It was a new way people were being robbed, spiked with X-change Permanent, wait for the transformation... take their stuff. I was sad at first but after a while I'm starting to really, really like being stuck as a girl!
I was working in my new device which is supposed to be able to alter peoples minds. I was finished with it and needed a test dummy. My sister said she would do it. I zapped her with it and she looked down at herself in shock. I accidentally copied my mind into hers. (RP)
I had injured myself while hiking and had to go to the nearest cabin for help. Instead of medicine the man there gave me this weird potion. It did make me feel better but I got older and more feminine with each sip. I know I should stop but the transformation feels too good!
My son and I really hit the jackpot after going into Witness Protection. We went from to frumpy guys in Boston to sexy surfer girls in Hawaii! Even after our old associates got arrested and it was safe to go home we voted to stay in our new lives!
The FOSE landed my roommate in my girlfriend’s body about 4 days ago. Everyday since then i’ve been resisting my urges until today when he came to me and asked to do it. He was so shy in her body, trying not to show how much he was enjoying it the whole time
I woke up one morning very hungover. I tried to fall back asleep and for whatever reason when I woke up, I was in my parents bedroom….wait a minute? Am I in Dads body???
“Please dude you’ve gotta help me your sister is insane, she pushed me onto her bed last night during our party and confessed she’s a lesbian and turned me into a fucking chick, talk to her for me please, she just keeps calling me babe telling me she loves me I’m freaking out”
I was in awe when I saw my professor’s profile on swapping soulmates….everyone had a huge thing for her so of course I swiped right as a joke….well mostly. I was even more shocked when I received the “it’s a match” notification. Our swap is scheduled for tonight and she’s giving me quite a preview!
My girlfriend, straight but adventurous. Her best friend, bi and attracted to her. Me? For some reason, stuck in her best friend’s body while they fool around using my body. I’m allowed back inside in ‘about an hour’.
My sister and her friends showed up to our house completely wasted after a night out. One girl started chanting and my body became female. Now they’re squeezing my boobs and kissing and who knows what else. It’s actually pretty cool. As long as they know how to fix it tomorrow. (Rp)
"That's what you get." I say for you always teasing that you would fuck my sister. I put you in her body to teach you a lesson but I don't think it's working. "Stop looking at me like that. Dude. Put away her tits!"
Alex wanted to get more in touch with nature. She went to the local woods and just enjoyed the beautiful scenery. However, she didn’t pay much attention as she stepped on an unmarked grave. This angered the spirit within it, and in an instant, Alex’s body found itself enthralled to a new master…
The new ‘4D’ premium Omegle chat platform has unexpected consequences. After finding a sexy brunette housewife to chat with , we have slowly stripped and are masturbating for each other when she suggests we both press the ‘Green Room’ in 3,2,1, ! She is gone , I am her and men are now sending pics
There was a weird power that swapped me and my mom, Mary. We both woke up confused. When Mary came to check on me, she saw me checking myself out. I said "Mom, I'm not sure why we swapped, but I can't believe that you're hot either." Mary just rolled her eye and said "Really?"
Tim loved long distance body swapping for meetings abroad and would request a young female body, not only for business but pleasure. After the meetings were over, he would invite the other negotiator over to his suite to help sweeten the deal. And Tim always got the deal his company wanted.
Me and my family were at the community BBQ. the one neighbor girl needed to talk to me in private. "Ok Becky what's wrong?" I ask feeling a static shock as she brushes against me holding some kind of medallion. "ya may want to undress cause I'm gonna need those clothes" she starts undressing. (rp)
I couldn’t help but stare as you, my father, berated me with insults and yelled at me about how dumb I was after going to the swap clinic and swapping with a Latina stripper named Ava. With you yelling at me to swap back, I waited patiently… so that could tell you that it was a permanent swap. (RP)
After swapping bodies with the cheerleader for swap class, I couldn’t help but tease her whilst she was in my body. I knew seeing her body in her cheerleading outfit would drive her wild and I was right! Once I sent it, she replied instantly and said she was coming over to ‘deal’ with me…(RP Wanted)
Changing Taylor Swift
Going out has been much more fun since you and your husband's trip to the Swap Clinic. Trading bodies has really spiced things up, and you loved playing with him while out in public. He always acted like he didn't like it, but you could tell he was lying. Maybe you should find somewhere more private
Bodyhopping is dangerous, I was meant to steal my bosses body but ended up in his wifes. now I'm stuck in here as they enjoy a master/slave weekend
I was out at a local dive bar with my friend. I said to him that I will never find a girl. Someone must have heard me cause I went out for smoke and heard two guys say the love asian girls. A fell over in pain and became one. Then someone else near me said bimbos were better and I became this.
I was out at a local dive bar with my friend. I said to him that I will never find a girl. Someone must have heard me cause I went out for smoke and heard two guys say the love asian girls. A fell over in pain and became one. Then someone else near me said bimbos were better and I became this.
After suffering with the gender flu for the last few weeks , I now feel more confident in my new body, what do you guys think of my tits ?
‘God… guess I understand her addiction to coffee now’ I thought to myself as I got to class in my classmates body. Just my luck to get the body of one of the popular girls. Sure she is hot but why is her life so busy? The parties don’t help with getting sleep… nor do the guys that I keep inviting
I felt bad after one of my brother's coworkers stole his body because she wanted to be a man. I didn't believe it at first but he gave me his smirk he is known for and I knew it was him. I made hims some coffee and let him come in. (RP)
Being a reverse hopper is the best. I can make my stepbrother do my work if I threaten to be a hopping victim. It’s flawless! It's so hot that I can feel his pent-up lust but he can't do anything. Today, how about "we" put on some oil, then get a new tattoo. Fuck yes, “I’m” already getting wet.
Anyone have this vid? Or know where I can get it?
Me and my best friend made a deal, if he could make me cum within 5 minutes while in a girls I’ll pretend to be his girlfriend for a week, what I didn’t was that he gave a X-change pill that made my pussy ultra sensitive, I can’t believe this I came twice
Mom is furious about dad's transition to womanhood. Not only does she make him sleep on the couch, but she's burned all his possessions and clothes. All he has to his name now are a handful of estrogen pills and a fine set of silicone implants
Office relationships sure are messy. Logan was in love with the office hottie Suzan. However, she didn’t like him back. Calvin was open about his love for Logan, but Logan wasn’t gay. To fix the problem, Logan put Calvin’s soul into Suzan’s body on the condition he does whatever Logan says…
My sister let me borrow her body for the weekend...I decided to call up her ex-boyfriend and surprise him
New on here. Does anyone want to be my first swap? I would prefer swapping with a girl, but I am open for the most
I stole this chicks body after seeing her on the subway. I was checking my new self out when I got a text. I went a kneeled on the bed and now cant move. turns out her boyfriends an amateur hypnotist and she's full of triggers, and now I am.
(M4AtF) You were an old man that was on the brink of passing away~ Just as you took your last breath, you'd suddenly feel a jolt of energy, causing you to immediately sit up straight and realize that you were now piloting a new, young, fit body~
The resort we were at was hit by a freak lightning storm that swapped the bodies of 40% of the people at the resort. I feel a cool breeze and weights on my chest. I’m a young woman? How? I take a selfie and my jaw drops. I’m my son’s girlfriend. I wonder if my son is himself. (RP)
You hadn’t heard from me since January. We’re in the same fantasy football league and each year we come up with a stupid punishment for the loser. But no one goes through with it. Last year, the loser was supposed to get breast implants. I lost and I did more then that. You get this pic from my #.
Last night while we were under the stars, my best friend wished that his workaholic father was happier. That’s when I gained 20 years in age, lost my dick and became my best friend’s new 38 year old step-mom. (RP in chat)
When I decided to swap with my sister for the week, she failed to mention that her married boss is a misogynistic asshole...and how much that turns her on (RP)
Sarah was my eldest brother's girlfriend, and a total smokeshow. Was. After jerking off to her when the FOSE hit, now I'm the smokeshow. I always thought she had a great ass, and now that it's mine, I think I'll show it off! I hope my brother doesn't get upset.
Sarah was my brother's girlfriend, and a total hottie. Was. After I jerked off to her when the FOSE hit, now I'm the hottie! I always thought she had a great ass, and now that it's mine, I'm definitely gonna show it off. I sure hope my brother doesn't mind...
I came home drunk when my sister sent me this snap I walked into her room but when I walked in our bodies suddenly swapped apparently she thought this was the way to cure my hangover (rp wanted)
After swapping bodies with the goth chick for swap class, I couldn’t help but tease her every night over FaceTime. She claimed to hate what I did with her body but I knew she secretly loved it. One day whilst FaceTiming her and teasing her, her breathing got heavier…was she jerking off…(RP Wanted)
Semen tastes great
My friend told me that his dad is testing a new invention that can swap minds. I thought he was crazy and that it wasn't possible. The next day I wanted to hang out so I asked him to pick me up. I was confused when his mom came and picked me up. It turns out his dad swapped the whole family. (RP)
My sister is a reverse hopper, but it’s a blessing to her. She makes me do her work with no funny business or she’ll use the victim card with the cops. I swear she’s teasing me. I realized I can put my skin into her tattoo ink, instantly rehopping her forever. Holy fuck, I’ve been waiting for this.
I'd been having strange dreams. In the dreams me and my sister were having sex like alot. One night they were particularly bad and the next day I woke up in her room. I don't know what happened but I feel weird, I just hope we didn't have sex.
Anyone down to rp? Feel free to name any body swap/tg suggestions.
On a small farming community like ours, everything is shared. The nearby ranch needed strong hands to bring the cattle in, so my body was volunteered, and I'm having to make do with their daughter's body until they're done with mine. The weird thing is I love it, even if my brothers are teasing me
No one in my family could believe it. I'd won the lottery, and spent it all on a body swap at the swap clinic. I got all the traits I wanted, the perfect body, but they couldn't understand, I had enough money that I'd never need to work! But my plan was better than that! I was getting a Sugar Daddy!
I cast the wrong spell, and now I'm in my ex-girlfriend's body....why did she put this on? for a date? OMG someone's knocking on her door....do I answer it? (RP)
I went to a random party but I didn't realize it was a swap party as I entered I saw people pairing up soon the chav girl asked if we have a drink I agreed not realizing our drinks had swap pills switching our bodies (rp wanted)
Certainly, I Had Previously Thought That These “X-Change Pills” Were Just Some Speculative Fetishy Fake Mess, Until I Had One Spiked In My Drink Two Weeks Ago. This Is The First Time I’d Been Out Since.
Mu brother struggled after second puberty, mom wanted him to embrace some of his femininity with her. She bought him feminine clothes and got his nails done. I knew he wanted to be normal once I invited him to go fishing he was excited but I think he's embarrassed by his bikini. (RP)
"I already told you Andrea, the body change spell is permanent,it was you who accepted it because for you being a man was easier than being a woman, now you are a man and I will live the difficult and sexy life of a busty woman in your body,I'll wear cleavage every day so they can see my huge tits"🍒
I talked to my mom,I was unhappy being a man,I wanted to be a woman,she always support me on my birthday they cast a spell on me to be 100% a woman,on top of that they organized a party with all my relatives clapping while I showed my huge boobs and they was happy to the new female of the family❤️🍒
Who’d of guessed that my family home was on a ancient ritual site that would swap the bodies of whoever was on the grounds every 100 years.. well not me.. chaos and panic sets in as everyone’s souls are ripped out of them but the only thing on my mind was where you my boyfriend ended up!
The X-change virus is a new kind of STD that spreads when an X-change addict fucks a non X-change user. Though the infected were small, repeated intercourse seem to have spread. I had no idea that my girlfriend was one of them--and we fucked a LOT. (Rap)
"This is so embarrassing." Your roommate said as he slowly pulled down his pants. After losing a bet with you, he had to go to the swap clinic and trade his body for a female one. He found a deal on a female body, but soon learned why it was so cheap. Looks like he'd be in diapers from now on. (RP)
My girl friends are going to a nightclub tonight. But I can't go because they want to be just between girls. Luckily, I've found a spell to turn me into whoever I want. Can you find me a body that looks good for this party? (With pictures)
a famous ghost hunter named Ivan,went viral due to an accident at his work,it turns out that he was investigating the case of the ghost of an old model,but the ghost possessed his body changing it completely,now Ivam is called Ivanna and she is a busty woman who he quit his job to open an only fans🍒
Me and my Rival were playing a tournament but then he became outraged when he found out the referee was some middle aged woman. Well, I was annoyed my the stop in our game and decided to work some magic, giving him her body and the crowd wouldnt notice any difference (Rp)
It’s been a month since my now ex girlfriend stole my body. Her roommate must of been in on it because she’s been super understanding. Today i finally have the courage to go on a date, not like i had a choice because she set it up for me. My date should be here soon i wonder who they’ll be.(rp)
The great shift happened twelve hours ago. I was unshifted, but my girlfriend became a 36 year old man, my mom became an 18 year old guy, and I hadn’t heard from my dad, brother or best friend. I was watching the news when I get this picture with a message in a language I don’t understand. (RP)
Second Puberty hit me at literally the worst moment possible: I was in vacation in Rome at the time, and now, the embassy is unable to change my identity, meaning I'm stuck here for the foreseeable future. At least this gave me the chance to explore the city further. [RP]
Okay man, you may have won the last four or fourteen games, but I'm definitely gonna win this time! Are you up for one more try with the same wager? You win, you get a feminine trait, I win and you change me back to normal!
https://www.reddit.com/r/bodyswap/comments/ujw4cz/i_like_totally_became_a_super_hot_bimbo_i_was/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
"what do you mean you flushed the rings?" after a hard day my gold digging step mom begged me to use her swap rings to take a break. turns out she foundd it easier to be a millionaires son rather than a trophy wife so she flushed the rings. (RP)
My dad has been pretty pent up ever since my mom left. I could tell cause he stares at me when I take pictures of my new body. His birthday is coming up…I wouldn’t be opposed to helping him, especially if he asked~ (Rp)
Daily Reminder, people with multiple orgasms have less stress and better heart health
I hit second puberty a few months ago and I am still getting use to this body. I just can't help but masterbate a lot. It feels great and I am loving this body, but why can't I satisfy it. I look over my shoulder and see you walk in. "Can you please help me? I am just so horny"
‘You! You knew this would happen’ I heard my old body say as I stood on the balcony. I mean, you weren’t wrong. It was my plan to get this body, these breast and the life of my niece… I guess I could feel bad for putting you in that body, then again I was hot and young now. ‘Hello uncle’ I smirked.
(f2A) When I woke up I felt dizzy, my body felt different... On the floor a note "during years you have lived making fun of others thinking that you were better, so now enjoy your life like this!" what has happened?
“Dude, I think you’ve let being a girl to your head. We’re in public!” My friend has been taking x-change pills to get high. And it works, better than crack he tells me, but of course, the addiction and drugs go to his head, and his body. “Oh shut up, at least enjoy my tits a little, fucking virgin”
Worst prank ever. I built a remote to turn my friend into my girlfriend as a gag. Well he loves playing the part. Acting horny all the time and not leaving me alone. He’s become more annoying than hot. But I don’t want to cave in, he’ll just make fun of me even more. I guess I have to deal with it
You and I both had a massive crush on the same girl. I snuck into her house to try to sneak a peek at her nude body. As soon as I step foot in the bathroom, I turn into a blue dildo. Meanwhile, your idea to see her naked was rigging swap class. We had no idea of each other’s plans. (RP)
After my girlfriend had been complaining about me asking for too much sex and that her tits are too heavy, I asked again and this made her angry. She swapped our bodies and is now fucking me… hard! She wants to show me how she wants be fucked and how annoying her tits are during sex…(RP Wanted)
Tbh sometimes I prefer anal over vaginal sex
I’ve finally done it. After being switched into this random woman’s body, I’ve had uncontrollable urges for men. I couldn’t feel that way, so with every ounce of will I had, I forced my new body to be attracted to girls and now I crave to be with woman more than men
“..still this is an adjustment from what I’m used to having..something wrong hunny? Oops sorry your attractive to this body I forgot.. it will be okay sweetie, i just wish Jenna would stop acting all childish and stop flaunting herself in my body” which made me wonder how the swap actually occurred.
I thought I could trust my sister. We were like best friends. I told her I was transgender. Of course, she snuck off and told our dad. In anger, he used his connections to swap me with my step-mom. It happened so suddenly that I'm still gasping for air. He said this is punishment... [RP]
Steve (captain America) was on a mission with the rest of the avengers when things went wrong, he was left unconscious alongside black widow. Eventually they woke up but something went wrong, when he woke up he wasn't himself. (RP wanted)
[MtF 4 A playing M] Body swap roleplay! PM for Kinks and Limits for scenario
my bestfriend was a dumb chav she got mad at me telling her she was dumb so she turn me into a chav girl as well now she's making me go to a party dressed like this (rp wanted)
‘You! You knew this would happen’ I heard my old body say while standing on the balcony enjoying the breeze. I mean, you weren’t wrong. I wanted this body, these breast and this youth. Sorry to have you put in my old body but you signed your body over when entering the swap resort.
From the window of my room I was watching a busty woman walking,while her huge boobs were bouncing,she turned to me and winked,my body became feminine,my breasts became even bigger than hers,the girl just smiled at me and disappeared,I keep looking for her to thank her for my new boobs,I love them💗🍒
My friend was a tall guy, even taller then me. So it was rather funny that hos two types were short, rude feisty girls, and girls with huge tits and ass. He was sad he never found a girl with both. So I helped him out by making him one. Despite his height he was a real rude, feisty bitch (Rp)
who wants swap with me dm
It Was 9:51 AM. I Took The Photo, Sending It To Your Phone, Showing My Exact Current ‘Problem’, Your Remote Really Caused Changes.
Would anyone like to roleplay? Swap me with anyone you want and let's have fun!
The producers of X-Change is doing a lottery event! With every purchase of X-Change, you get a chance to win from $10k to $900k transferred to your digital bank account once your transformation takes effect! Will you get lucky and get rich? (RP)
21 [F4M] We're an amazingly cute couple, but every time you ejaculate... We switch bodies🙁
The body swapping virus has come through town and turned everyone into horny British chavs. I’ve become a cock horny chav from Leeds. Dm me to see who you become.
“Will you stop messing around and help me?” I said angrily to my girlfriend in my body while I researched how to swap back… she was enjoying this a little too much if you ask me… it’s been five minutes and I don’t know how much longer I can take this! (RP)
The FOSE landed my roommate in my girlfriend’s body about 4 days ago. Everyday since then i’ve been resisting my urges until today when he came to me and asked to do it. He was so shy in her body, trying not to show how much he was enjoying it the whole time
(M4F) You wished to get swapped into a sexy Latina and got your wish. It looks like you're going to need a lot of help though.
As the leader of the cartel the FBI had been on me for months but this time this time they had video evidence.So I took an X-change pill to hide it was pretty rushed so I'm having you my right hand man delivery me supplies. (RP WANTED)
Dad why why the fuck did you turn me into a girl. what the fuck. I know I'm a dick to Emma my sister but you didn't have to do this to me. turn me back now! " (rp wanted)
I am loving this suit. I never knew how realistic these things were. I went to a party tonight, and the host was just giving these out. What a waste. I look stunning in this. Only issue is the lack of clothes to wear. None of my old clothes fit. I guess I’ll just leave this bathroom and ask the host
Something about this "rejuvenating mud bath" is really itching my face. What do you mean don't open my eyes? Why does my chest feel so...heavy?
Rp in comments or Dms
I woke up to the sound of a speaker [welcome to the swap circle, you and 20 others will have 30 seconds to touch another in the circle to be allowed to leave, have fun] everyone panicked, until I saw a pregnant woman running at me then tapping me, I woke up seconds later “ugh that wasn’t a dream”
(M4AtF) You were sick and tired of your best friend getting all the chicks while you were ignored for being too "feminine". Besides, was his dick really that amazing? Only one way to find out~ You'd swallow a gender swap pill and slowly lower yourself onto his throbbing, rock hard cock~
Went online trying to find something good to watch but ended up looking thru deviantart. A voice in my head says oh she looks nice and after a long painful yet pleasureful change. This is what I look like now. The voice isn't gone and she says if I refuse any orders I will change more. Please help!
My mom always wanted a daughter but all she got was me a son that she was very disappointed in… she decided I’d have to spend spring break as a girl…today I sent a text to you my best friend to come to my house(Rp)
(M4AtF) Your crush would never give a guy like you the time of day, so you decided to take some rather desperate measures... One incantation from a strange grimoire you found at the school library later, and you were trying to enjoy the girl of your dreams as best you could... As her~
“Mom, where have you - did you cut my hair?!” I nearly scream as I see my body walk in with a smile. “Doesn’t it look cute?” She says with a grin. “Don’t worry, I’m sure it’ll grow out by the time we swap back.”
A Day To Remember
It was a pretty normal day for me and my girlfriend, we were out in the backyard enjoying the day until she began to act strange. She looked down at her hands in shock and then her chest. I asked whats wrong and she said her name is Dave and he just graduated high school. The great shift hit. (RP)
I have awoken from two-thousand years of slumbering, ready to grant any wish
“C’mon Dani! I know you hate this, make me stop! Aww… can’t do anything? Too bad!” My rebellious voice mocks. That’s the thing about sadists… they can be rather cruel. My stalker stuck a collar on my neck, which could use tech stuff… to possess me! I can’t stop him as he mocks me, help! (RP)
I was at a car meet when I saw a girl posing next to cars I asked her to pose in front of my car and as I clicked the camera our bodies suddenly switched we were both shocked not knowing what to do now (rp wanted)
I had been a troubled teen so at 19 my parents had me swapped at the swap clinic and then cut off my trust fund. jokes on them I'm loving my new life (rp wanted)
My step sister was the worst kind of spoiled. She always got everything and was never grateful. Well, that’s all changing now. I’ve forever swapped out our bodies, and she/he remembers nothing. (Rp)
your bully had spent years tormenting you, calling you gay and saying you weren't a real man, now you've graduated from college and stumbled on his old instagram account, but...it's some chick cosplaying? there's no way that's him!
Bully body swap
When I came out as trans my dad surprised me and said he always felt like a woman too! We both had the impulse decision to use my college fund to go to the swap clinic and buy us new bodies. My mom hates how often she walks in on us feeling eachother up.
I just wanted to share some fantasies I have about bodyswap/possession
I was the best Bio-Chem student in my college by far, at lest I WAS the best. After a serious incident involving a powerful compound being spilled down my throat... I was changed. My Y chromosome was quickly converted to another X... turning me female! Next my IQ started falling... fast.
The prostitute you hired the night before turned out to be a reverse hopper capable of controlling who gets to possess her. Tired of her job, she activated her powers the moment you came inside her and passed out, the next morning, you found your own body ontop of you, now a dainty little whore. (RP
After contracting a gender swap virus it proved to be contagious meaning I had to isolate myself from people. I don't even know how long I need to stay hidden away so I decided to start streaming to get some kind of interaction back.. I just hope that I'm not leaning too far into this new aesthetic
my older gay neighbor has recently started visiting the Swap Store and has been taking week long rentals. This is what he just sent me asking if I wanted to come over for desert
Before gender flu/2 weeks in/3 months in and I’m all done! When I look in the mirror I still get surprised how much I’ve changed. Why am I so dressed up? I’m having my gender flu reveal party and I’m not ashamed of the woman I’ve become, although I am wondering what my best friend will think. (RP)
I wanted to ruin my bullies life so I took a xchange pill to try and convince his gf to break up with him it didn't work out cause now he calls me one of his girls worse part is he doesn't know who I really am (rp wanted)
As a Hopper, I keep my money online since I can't exactly use my normal bank account. After they paid, I do the deed. Today, however, is a job free of charge. I'm gonna visit a virgin friend of mine, and his birthday present will be sex. (RP)
my ex-boyfriend Ian went to my house, my mom hated him so she put feminizing pills in his food,we all watched as Ian's athletic body became that of a delicate woman,I took him to the bathroom but Ian seemed pretty happy to be the new woman with the most busty woman in this house, he looks so happy🍒💗
I was part of this new game show, where they swapped your body, and found you a partner. I sat here, in my new body, with this crazy outfit, waiting for 'my new partner'... I had no idea who was coming through the door! I'm this girl... who do I see come through the door?
“Omg I can’t believe that spell worked!!!!” I say to myself. I post a selfie on Snapchat of the new me with “who wants to chill?” The longer I’m a girl the more my life changes into matching my new self. Like my apartment is already changing. (RP)
Anyone interested in stealing my moms body via bodyswap/possession and using her feet and pussy to dom and fuck me?
Every week I'd go clean out my rich neighbors pool. She always made comments when I had my shirt off but the money was good so I didn't care. I hadn't realized she went to the swap clinic for a younger body. It was a surprise Friday when I showed up.
Having the gender virus wasn’t easy, my body wasn’t mine, I was ashamed of it, I locked myself in my room for a month until my sister convinced me to go clubbing, I borrowed her clothes, the more I drank the more comfortable I got, (more story in comments) (rp)
I was at the gym when I saw this really hot girl walk by. I thought to myself for a sheer moment what it must be like to be her, and then everything went black. I suddenly heard the sound of my weights drop as I disappeared, and possessed her! Little did I know, she was still aware in her head!
They've dubbed me, rightfully so, as the Corporate Bimbo. The Role Exchanger saw fit to take from CEO to plastic bimbo. I still have my business skills, education, and everything I need. I just also happen to have the body of a bimbo and the urges to match. Well, anyways. Time to get to the office.
Me and a friend went to a strip club but they wouldnt let him in because of his really lame outfit. So I took him out back and gave him a whole new look...and attitude. He got in, even with the lame ass outfit, though the next time I saw him was on stage! (Rp)
Me and my nerdy friend bought joke costumes from a costume store, me getting that of a body builder outfit and he got Princess Leia. Well, the outfits turned out too be abit too good and made us the costumes. Though his seems to have filled out abit more. (Rp)
A couple weeks ago I found out my neighbor wasn’t… normal, she jumped into my male body, yet left it right away, the only problem was that her looks mixed with mine leaving me as a chubby black haired woman, I haven’t heard from her since and I’m starting to get worried
(M4F RP) You got the cheapest package at the swap clinic. You got the big boobs you wanted but are only 3' tall and don't have arms now. You can't even get yourself out of this hot tub?
My bff was on a track team so when a member got sick she asked me to join I agreed before I knew it I was a cute blonde she told everyone I was her cousin from london and I was transferring to this college for sports she made me train with her and now since I’m from London I have a British accent
The great shift landed me in the body of a woman in Europe, I had no money for a ticket so I offered a man Risky Sex In Airplane Toilet if he gave me money, he agreed and I joined the mile high club while I flew back to America
(A4F) You'd slide on your brand new, hyper realistic VR gear, before laying down on the couch and booting into your favorite, cultured VR game~ It had been a long day at work alright! There's nothing wrong with wanting to surround yourself with hot guys(or gals~), and relieve a bit of stress!
While trying to curse my ex-girlfriend, I accidentally swapped bodies with her. Even worse she's about to go on a date with my rival from work....
While trying to hex my ex-girlfriend, I accidentally swapped bodies with her. Even worse she's about to go on a date with my much older boss! (RP)
At age nineteen, my family had a 50/50 chance of transforming into the opposite gender. Not only was I one of the unlucky half, but I watched in horror as my chest grew to epic proportions and my skin darkened. “I guess my chest is a bit big… don’t you think?” (RP)
“Mom!!! Ethan is wearing my favorite dress. Tell him to take it off and not ruin it!!” “Ashley, how many times do we have to tell you. HER name is Emily and she has a date tonight. I told her to look through your closet.” (RP)
I have awoken from two-thousand years of slumbering and I am ready to fulfill any wish you desire
Your girlfriend broke it off a week before your planned vacation together. You were heartbroken. When you asked me if I wanted to come instead, the last thing I expected was for you to turn me into an exact copy of her… (RP)
Anyone interested in stealing my moms body via bodyswap/possession and using her feet and pussy to dom and fuck me?
Anyone interested in stealing my moms body via bodyswap/possession and using her feet and pussy to dom and fuck me?
My sister used magic to change my into a girl. It was supposed to make everyone, including me, think I was always a girl. Unfortunately half the people in my life think I was always a girl and the other half still remember guy me. It’s hard to balance. (RP)
Our girlfriends who are best friends, setup a vacation at this island for the week. On our first day there, you &amp; I stumbled upon an idol while hiking. I picked it up &amp; as you touched it, we both swapped bodies. You accidentally drop it in shock. Do we tell our girlfriends of our body swap or not?
I was part of this new game show, where they swapped your body, and found you a partner. I sat here, in my new body, with this crazy outfit, waiting for 'my new partner'... I had no idea who was coming through the door! I'm this girl... who do I see come through the door?
A witch offers to turn me into a woman, and I can choose. Do you have any idea what body I could take? With a picture of course.
I was kidnapped a week ago and was turned into… this. Authorities got there just in time as I had barely gone through mental restructuring, and as far as I can tell nothing really changed. Everyone at work says that I’m still me, but something is different, but I don’t get it. (Chat for RP)
(M4A) "Good, just like that~ Perfect!" I'd tease before taking a picture of the two, gorgeous "women" eagerly swapping my cum between them~ Sure they were really a couple house elves that I fed polyjuice potions to, but as long as they don't talk or make a sound, they're pretty much the real deal!
I was part of this new game show, where they swapped your body, and found you a partner. I sat here, in my new body, with this crazy outfit, waiting for 'my new partner'... I had no idea who was coming through the door! I'm this girl... who do I see come through the door?
At first I was bummed to be paired up with Mrs. Rachels for swap class since that meant I could only swap during school hours unlike everyone else, but I think she’s started wearing certain outfits to cheer me up, when we swapped this morning I noticed she was wearing thin panties for the first time
Selling my cousins and my aunts spy photos.
When the old ass Librarian came up, trying to say my satanic music was too loud I was annoyed, then she tried kicking me out. I figured I should remind her what its like to be young and hate authority, so with alittle reality bending I did just that, though she kept her old glasses (Rp)
ever since a problem with the autocloset caused me and sister to swap bodies we have been to afraid to tell or our parents. but now whenever her boyfriend is over he'll tease me by being affectionate when my moms around forcing me to stay in character and kiss him. wait what's he doing now? (RP)
Let me tell you… it’s super weird having nothing down there. I keep accidentally giving myself wedgies because I’m oh so subtly feeling the empty void there, it’s giving me cameltoes… I have to take swap class again next semester, I don’t care if it’s a waste of credits!
After I swapped bodies with the quiet girl in my class, I found out that she was hiding the perfect body under the baggy clothes she wore. I decided to make tiktoks to show off her body and how hot it was. After posting this one, she text me… along with a picture of my former cock…(RP Wanted)
After I swapped bodies with the quiet girl in my class, I found out that she was hiding the perfect body under the baggy clothes she wore. I decided to make tiktoks to show off her body and how hot it was. After posting this one, she text me… along with a picture of my former cock…(RP Wanted)
This woman touched my lamp, and wished for a more magical life. Being the mischievous genie that I was, I swapped out places forever. Now… to get “home”. (Rp)
Need somewhere to post the vid 🫣
I should have known from past incidents there was a fairly good chance something was going to go wrong. And did it ever! (RP)
I was shocked to find out that my best friend was actually supposed to be born a girl, At the hospital the day he was born a scientist swapped him and his original body. The doctors said that they could swap him back to his original body and I was shocked to hear he wanted to. (RP)
My mother was a gyaru, she never hid it from me but it's kind of weird to think of my mother with suntan lotion, dyed hair and extravagant nails, but while walking down the street a car hit me, when I wake up I realize that I have traveled back in time 25 years and in the body of my teenage mother!
What’s going on?! Somebody help me, i’m not gay!! When I woke up from a nap earlier I was somehow in a body of a girl, and this body just decided to get up and start using this dildo! i can’t control this body, and i want to go back! it feels as if i’m a passenger in this body with no control! (rp)
After the great shift I became a mindless bimbo only knowing how to serve orders. "What do you need master?~"
"See, I told you I could still beat you even as a girl. Just get used to me being superior. Not even magic can change that!"
I was a compulsive gambler betting all i had aginst you and losing you gave me a few days to pay up but when i couldnt i was sceard youd kill me. You gave me 2 options die or pay my debt another way i choose to live.....you changed my looks to be your perfect woman (RP open Dm's have a good day:)
This is a warning just please listen to me… never use face app, I put in the photo of a woman in and swapped our heads, I thought it was just a funny joke when I touched up the photo but when I saved it, my body changed and I was the person in the photo that I made
“I guess we should check if this is real right?”, I said while sliding down my roommates shorts. When some chick came panicking into my morning this morning I never would’ve thought it was my roommate. I looked down at the bare ass in front of me and gave it a slap “I think it’s real alright”
the worst day to switch bodies with my sister,my plan today was to play with my new huge boobs but my sister was mad and so i did and as punishment i had to go out on a date with thomas a boy I hated since the high school and always wanted to fuck my sister,I'm mad but happy to have these huge tits🍒
Hi
“My boyfriend will be home soon.” My girlfriend said with disgust as she looked at me. A strange accident swapped me with my least favorite coworker, but Emma doesn’t believe me. “Please don’t come back.” She says as she move to close the door.
“I mean, the hair is a bit much, but I think the ass is pretty good. What do you think?” I ask you after putting the black girl skinsuit we found in a dumpster on. I seemed to be enjoying wearing it, but would you tell me that the zipper seemed to look broken? (RP)
I have loved you for a long time, but I was not your type (a guy). So I decided to get a little wild and become your dream girl. I asked you to come pick me up, I get into your car and then I break the news to you about who I am. I want to prove how much I love you and how good we are together.
I was laying around jerking off to some porn, wishing that could be me, when a flash of light blinded me. Next thing I knew I was in a different room, with a larger cock, and my favorite pornstars mouth around me..
My girlfriend and I didn't exactly break up on the best of terms. So much so that in her anger she cast a curse on me. I was turned into a woman with a cum addiction. But in order to turn back, I would have to fight that need. I'm not exactly doing a great job of it so far.
I had been hanging out at the club when I bumped into a chav girl she walked off but my vision went blurry and suddenly I was in her body and my body no where to be seen (rp wanted)
“Dude! Check it out! My magic worked! You and I are the only ones who remember I was a guy!” I text you, sending you this video as proof. (Rp)
You were always such a asshole to me during school just cuz you were popular and so I decided for payback as one day you woke up in the body of your sexy bimbo mom with the feeling of wanting to fuck and love me so badly. (Rp in chat)
my friends younger sister asked to swap bodies with me telling me she wants to become friends with her brother before swapping back. I'm having my own fun now going out to a party where my old body and her brother is at (rp wanted)
“I’m sorry babe, I’ll never cheat on you again” I said before moaning, my girlfriend is a witch and when she caught me cheating she decided to punish me by turning me into extremely horny woman
My father got what he deserved, life in prison for hacking the autoclosets of unsuspecting women, even my fiancé. I cut off contact, ignored the letters he sent, but after 17 years, I finally paid a visit. "I'm not your father! I'm your fiancé! He swapped us!" But that means the woman I married...
I lost my job recently, and decided to give streaming a go. I'd always been good at video games. But I just wasn't getting any viewers. After two months, my roommate got sick of covering the rent for me and force-fed me an X-Change pill. I'm really popular as a different kind of streamer!
My buddy and I went to Xchange island where every other guest is transformed randomly. We were split up when we got there and I haven't seen him in a day. Now there is some girl staring at me from across the pool. Maybe she knows where he's at.
After learning a new spell about reading people’s minds you used it on me, discovering that I was a closet trans. You spent all night coming up with a new spell and in the morning you came to my apartment. I was still asleep, but now a girl. Your spell worked! Time to wake the new birthday girl.(RP)
I was a bad kid in school, so to deal with that, they made me swap bodies with this girl. Looking back, i guess it did work, but not for the reasons they think, now i’m just a different kind of naughty ;)
Wife swap
My female friend and I had made a deal that if we were still single by the age of 20 we would swap bodies. Unfortunately we stayed single and we swapped bodies. The whole aim of this swap was for us to find each other a partner and a few hours into the swap I receive this video from her…(RP Wanted)
I sneaked into a party and when I got in, something weird happened… one minute I was standing in the kitchen, and the next I was sitting on the deck stairs. I had just walked into a swap party and swapped with you, the most popular girl at our university. “I promise it’s not my fault!” (RP)
The great shift caused me to be oblivious to most things and changed my body, so I went for help. "Daddyyyy I feel weird, could you help me pleaseee" (will do rp of wanted)
Yes! The necklace worked! I bought it from some old hag at a thrift shop spouting on about swapping bodies but I can’t believe it actually worked! Now I get to have fun as my hot neighbor Emily
I wanted to go on vacation with my gf but her parents would let her bring her bf so I switched my gender and pretended to be her friend now I have to share a room with her and her older brother (rp wanted)
"No! Give me my body back now! I only let you borrow it for one day and it's been three!" I yell at my former body, now occupied by my chubby roommate. "Relax! I'll give you it back tomorrow! I just want to get some free drinks at the bar tonight." She promises me with a smirk.
Anyone interested in stealing my moms body via bodyswap/possession and using her feet and pussy to dom and fuck me?
A witch put a curse on me yesterday that turned me into a woman over night, my friend tried to cheer me up, and it was working until I felt my body start to stiffen up and turn to rubber, the witches curse was turning me into a sex doll
"Did you think I invited you for a summer of love?" asked Amy. I was understandably confused, standing in nothing but swim trunks. "I needed to test the long term effects of my gender ray. That's why I invited you to spend the summer at my beach house. But I'll turn you back in August! K?" (LIT RP)
When I saw a beautiful woman in tight leather pants, I muttered under my breath "I wish I could get inside those." I guess someone or something was listening, because in a second I found myself in her pants, and her body!
To say that I was happy with my swap partner during Swap Class was an understatement. Becoming Jenelle has been the best thing that’s ever come out of my life! I heard a rumor they can’t swap us back if I’m cummed inside of… wanna test it? (RP)
My family was weird, mostly because of our annual body swap. I had always ended up swapping with male cousins, but this year, I ended up swapping with my recent single aunt. Turns out that she’s been hornier than I could ever imagine… I’m begging you to replace this pillow, sound like a plan? (RP)
deepnude.to - AI that removes clothes from images
When the great shift happened, I found myself looking up at a man jerking his big cock in my face. I was so confused. What just happened to me? Where am I and who is this sitting on my chest? My thoughts cut off as I got a surprise. I will later find out that I am hundreds of miles from my body.
I was hired for a giant private party as a server. when I arrived they made me take a xchange and wear this bunny suit so I would be the same gender and able to wear the same uniform as the other servers (rp wanted)
me and my friends were playing truth or dare and were dared to walk into a random house and take a picture while in there. We didn’t know that the owner was able to possess bodies though and now wanted to take his revenge on us. I wonder who he will possess.
Are you looking for a new body? Not sure who you want, maybe you can't find somebody right for you. Contact me and I'll give you some very tasty choices!
"oh come on its not that bad! it could have been so much worse!" i say to my sister who is in my body(left). due to the great shift we ended up in eachother bodies. I felt lucky with my new assets but she felt terrible and awkward "come on sis smile!"
I created a device that could let you time travel but only through past relatives. Apparently i had a past relative that was a sex slave.
I had been married to my wife for years. But our old marriage had become boring. My wife decided to turn me into a girl who would be her daughter, I agreed to make her happy. But this afternoon she brought to the house the handsome son of the neighbours because she wants me to have a man in my life.
I sneaked into a party and when I got in, something weird happened… one minute I was standing in the kitchen, and the next I was sitting on the deck stairs. I had just walked into a swap party and swapped with you, the most popular girl at our university. “I promise it’s not my fault!” (RP)
[Discord] Looking for someone to replace/rp as one of my co-work Julie. DM me is your interested
I was the best Bio-Chem student in my college by far, at lest I WAS the best. After a serious incident involving a powerful compound being spilled down my throat... I was changed. My Y chromosome was quickly converted to another X... turning me female! Next my IQ started falling... fast.
My friend has been a real dick to me ever since I swapped bodies with his crush in swap class, he’s been pestering me to show off her boobs but I refused as it feels weird and gross but eventually I gave in
I had been a dick to my step sister so she forced me to swap with her to get her back I fucked her psychology professor and sent her this vid
My girlfriend wanted to enter a gaming tournament but because she was a woman they didn’t take her seriously. So she asked if i was willing to swap bodies with her because she was confident she could win the cash prize. I agreed to swap with her and also helped her relieve some stress…(RP Wanted)
When the great shift happened, I got swapped into the body of my hippy neighbor! I reek of cum and I hear a bunch of guys talking in the other room about a round two? What’s going on? (RP WANTED)
"I was a kid, I was with my babysitter and I asked her to switch bodies for a few minutes and it got out of control, and now I can't stop having sex."
You are my best friend but something changed when you hit second puberty. First your body, but then your mind. You became confident and dominant. Making me do your homework and help you with chores. Today seems even weirder. I met you at the library and you were wearing skimpier clothes than usual.
Our married sex life had gotten boring. My wife would never give me a BJ. So to spice things up and save our marriage, we decided to swap bodies. "I am going to give you a BJ and show you how good if feels." I tell my wife in my body as I get down on my knees, trying to show her how much fun it is.
After every women in the world disappeared one day, nobody knew how we would repopulate earth! that was until we found xchange breeder pills in an old lab! I’ve been chosen as one of the guys to take the pill and now I spend my days in royalty, being flooded with cum until one impregnates me!
Elaine just had to touch that cursed object in her attic. She was just cleaning it out when she saw an old lamp. When she touched it, something got into her. Since then, “Elaine” spends her time getting acquainted with “her” body, and she’s more than willing to share “herself” with anyone.
"You cant do this to me in my house" I said annoyed. My wife has gone on a 2 month business trip and asked if her brother could stay with me for a while. I reluctantly agreed which was a mistake; as soon as he got in he drugged me with x-change now i have to what he asks if i wanna be a guy agai(Rp)
May Contest Winners and June Contest ⭐️
The rich don’t find gambling with money appealing, so they gamble with their bodies. It’s a secret kept from the average person. Every celeb you know and love has been swapped around plenty of times before. You don’t know because the new owner of the body must take on their life like it’s their own.
Because of a national fertility problem. The state has decided to turn random people into women. I'm one of them and in order to get back to the way I was before, I must have at least 2 children. You are the doctor who choose my next body and you also offer to help me to have children.
After a work accident, you got told you'd 'Need to take care of me for a while', my company offered to pay... it was all very secretive until I arrived home, 5'2 tall, petite and pretty... and a woman. "They had to swap my body to keep me alive... this was the only one free for me..."
The press went wild when it leaked that an NFL running back had second puberty. At first I was ashamed. But I soon found 2 big squishy upsides to my new body! Now I’m using my fame to destigmatize SP &amp; help those w/the condition. Especially young men struggling w/their budding breasts!
My daughter's roommate developed a crush on me last winter when they visited. As a single father I thought it was cute, but she was much to young. Apparently she visited a swap clinic &amp; traded ages to be my age. Now I'm struggling with her advances as the girls are at my house for the summer.
The Genie is taking a short vacation, so he’s left me, the intern, in charge of granting some wishes! Let’s see what sort of fun we can get up to!
I was burglar, but I was hired by this rich dude to sneak in this house, and find the skin suit. I heard the door open, I panicked and the skin suit fell on me; transforming my body. He comes in and sees me like this. As his fiancé? “Hey I came home early from work! I see you’re busy..” you say (rp)
After losing your job you were really struggling to pay rent and you’re roommate was talking about kicking you out but offered the chance to stay for free if you took an X-Change pill and let him fuck you, you begrudgingly agreed unaware that he had bought a mindless slave X-Change pill stripping(…)
we had been dared to go into this random house and take a picture for proof. What we didn’t know was that the resident of the house was actually a pervert with the ability of possessing whoever enters his house. Who does the pervert choose to possess?
I send to my best friend a snap. While exploring an abandoned building we found a device that can change reality but my friend took it. Now he changes peoples bodies for fun.
“I don’t know, Amy. Are you sure you’re ready for the beach… with us?” Lana teased. My friends were lucky enough to all swap with each other in the Great Shift, but I got stuck in my nerdy younger brother. Girl’s days are way more awkward now.
The government decided that there aren't enough receptionists in the world, using there technology they implanted my brain into this body, because she wasn't compliant and didn't want to waste time hiring. "I'm still working on my art projects... i have 2 hours to draw each week" (RP)
Every year the government would do a giveaway at my local convenient store today they raffled off one of there new inventions it was a prototype skinsuit one lucky winner gets it for free and is Tailored for there specific body once putting it on I ended up winning and now I’m the talk of my town
The great shift completely changed our relationship. My girlfriend was shifted into a trans woman and I was shifted into a cos woman. My girlfriend loves fucking me with her new dick. Me? I’m still getting used to it. (Rp)
After my girlfriend left me, I didn't know what to do. My best friend Kate said that I should try new things and broaden my horizons, so she offered a threesome with her and her boyfriend. I wasn't expecting to be in the middle on this one, but hey, that's X-Change for you.
I had swapped with my step mom and ran off. leaving my asshole father be honest how do I look? should I find myself a nice young girl about 23 and be her partner?
I couldn’t believe what you did. “How dare you just turn me?” You got in trouble and begged me to go in as a parent to talk to the principal but misclicked the button and hit woman. “I’m not gonna go in like this or at all! I mean look at me! Turn me back right now or else!”
*I am new here* I didn't know that snapchat filters were this advanced. it is fun to see how I would look like if I was a F. having fun! (does anyone know how to switch back tho?)
You were walking in the park after visiting a local cafe for it's coffee. Your body transformed unknowingly while you enjoyed your day, only noticing after walking into the bathroom and staring at your reflection--apparently, the coffee you ordered had X-change on it as part of the brew. (RP)
I’d been sent to a finishing school for misbehaving men and they slipped me x-change pills to help with my.. education. Now I’m stuck like this until I learn to behave. The uniforms don’t exactly fit either. (RP)
I couldn’t believe it when you took that pill so you could look really good for you Elastigirl cosplay…I didn’t know it would swap you into a horny Elastigirl…how am I meant to resist this! (Rp wanted)
I'm in bed with my best friend, while in the body of my girlfriend who swapped us and ran away as me. It had only been a few weeks but her hormones have been driving me crazy. I hope I didn't just put my friend's baby in my new belly.
[M2F4A] Wanting to relax and get away from my life a bit
I glare at my former body. “Come on, Chloe. We agreed on a week.” My little sister smirks in my body. “No, we agreed on a month! Sorry, we can argue later - my friends are here.”
rp
(A4A) I'm looking to play a fun little game~ The two of us will play one round of typeracer, a game where we both type out a passage and whoever types it out the fastest wins. The winner gets to breed the loser's favorite waifu in a fun little rp~
"Did you think I invited you for a summer of love?" asked Amy. I was understandably confused, standing in nothing but swim trunks. "I needed to test the long term effects of my gender ray. That's why I invited you to spend the summer at my beach house. But I'll turn you back in August! K?" (LIT RP)
I’ve never been good at tests, so my teacher said if I did him a favor I could swap with the smartest girl in class and she’d take the test for me. I just didn’t think I’d be doing this…
You found a weird device capable of altering mind and body. You used it on me, your best friend to turn me into your crush, the remote made me super horny. (RP)
"Oh my god. It... it worked!" One minute I was at the local wishing well, wishing to see my professor naked. Now, here I am, in her body! (rp, 18+)
My best friend did not get along with his stepmom. So passing a wishing well he threw in a coin “I wish I could be proper friends with Daphne” The well granted his wish but in a strange way, I, his best friend was swapped into his body and she swapped into mine. (RP)
My best friend did not get along with his stepmom. So passing a wishing well he threw in a coin “I wish I could be proper friends with Daphne” The well granted his wish but in a strange way, I, his best friend was swapped into her body and she swapped into mine. (RP)
my friends and I were dared to walk into a random house and take a picture while in there. we didn’t know though that the house belonged to a pervert who could swap bodies with whoever was in his house. we had just taken the picture as something weird happened
After you wrote my name on the strange milf note we had found on the way to your house I started to feel strange, my hair suddenly started to grow and my chest started to swell, before I knew it, my mind had changed too "Do you want me to make you dinner sweetheart?"
I was at home jerking off to my favorite onlyfans creator who happens to live next door when lightning struck the house. Immediately the house was plunged into darkness but when the lights came on I WAS my neighbor. What am I going to do? (Roleplay)
Whats going on, Somebody help me! Today I woke up, thought everything was normal, until i looked down and realized i was a girl! Even worse, there was cum on my now tits! then when i checked my phone this video was sent to me! Help me! and wait… what?! why is watching this video turning me on!?
"Look, I appreciate you trying to cheer me up now that Second Puberty has happened, but can we just go back home and hang out like old times?" [RP]
It’s been months since you took the X-Change pill and your roommate has gotten a lot of use out of you since he started pimping you out to all your old friends, so you now spend your days going round to strangers houses to be used before returning home to your ‘Daddy’
I was over the moon to get Rachel as my swap class partner, so much that I refuse to go back to my old body, think you can help me find a way to stay as Rachel forever? (Rp)
Can you help me study this spell please: “I cry out to all Gods and Goddesses. My love is losing the spark. Now I pray and hope that person loves me more and deeply. I chant this thrice today. Please make my wish come true.” You did such a good job on the ideal me - now I want to do you
(rp) I found a strange stone on the beach, I quickly showed it to my friend he immediately turned into this sexiest woman I ever seen , before I could ask she pulled down my pants and started to suck my cock (Kik iamnotbatman2)
After swapping bodies with my step-sis, I couldn’t help but tease her as I knew she was hating it in my body. We had swapped because I wanted to punish her for when we were younger. I knew about her trips to the bathroom after her daily jerk off session, so I sent her this to tease her…(RP Wanted)
I (39 M married) sometimes fantasize about swapping bodies with my ex
I was terminally ill. I had weeks to live according to the doctors, but through an expensive and experimental surgery, I found myself waking up as this cutie named Dominica… what do you think of these little boobies? (RP)
When I was visiting a family member in the hospital, her nurse was an absolute bitch. Well, let's just say being a hopper has its perks. About to offer some patients some specialized physical therapy. Let's see whose next on my list~
I had never known my family, growing up a poor orphan for most my life. That was until I found out that I actually belonged to royalty of a foreign country, I was brought back but I was supposed to be born a princess.. they had to alter my body, to be befitting of the youngest princess
I had never known my family, growing up a poor orphan for most my life. That was until I found out that I actually belonged to royalty of a foreign country, I was brought back but I was supposed to be born a princess.. they had to alter my body, to be befitting of the youngest princess
"Seriously dad again?" I asked with resignation in my voice "Its not like I wanted to swap with your fiancée" I heard him protest but I was fed up. "Dad, stop bullshitting, this is the my third fiancée you swapped with!". I could never stay angry with him, maybe its time I made him an honest women
Tired of my old life, I made a deal with the devil in exchange for my soul. I wished to be popular, attractive and loved. I was not expecting to be a girl, or this hot. That was the best deal I had ever made. Too bad I didn't read the fine print. Now I need to feed on sexual energy or I will die.
me and my girlfriend were sending lewd snaps to each other until my lights went out when they were back on I was in my girlfriends body and when I asked about my old body people looked at me crazy saying that person never even existed (rp wanted)
It was hard keeping our relationship a secret. After my untimely death, my girlfriend used a spell to summon my spirit back. The side effect was, my spirit was pulled into her mother's body, locking me in her. I have to pretend to be her mother when others are around, but when we are alone... (RP)
13 girls and 1 transformed man are locked in a house. The object for the girls is to find out who was transformed. Once a week someone gets voted out, you've just been nominated and have to state your case why you've always been a girl. Twist: Everyone is a transformed man pretending to be a girl.
I was visiting my witch Aunt’s house and was so hungry that I stole one of her special fruits that I am forbidden from eating. Right after the first bite I could feel the changes. My frame got slighter &amp; I shrunk in size while my hips, tits &amp; belly grew in size.
(RP) At my birthday party, my best friend told me to blow out the candles and make a wish. I silently wished for a busty and beautiful girlfriend, but didn't think much of it. Well, at least not until the next morning, when I woke up next to a lady who looked like a feminine version of my friend...
I awoke in my husband’s body. Laying next to me, my husband had yet to awaken in mind. While stroking my new penis, I sensually squeezed his breasts, but he did not stir. Suddenly our young neighbor entered, looking slightly embarrassed. My husband decided to take her body instead of mine!
Some rich chick was making fun of me because of my cheap clothes, so I swapped with her right after getting onto a bus. The whole body was new so I found her address and went home. (Roleplay)
During our halftime break I went to the nearest store for a drink with no intentions on buying it turns out the witch owner cursed everything if someone tried to steal, right as I picked it up I was transformed into this slut guess I’ll have to play the rest of the game like this(RP)
The great shift was weird for everyone, especially for April and her boyfriend Lance. They swapped with each other, which wasn't kinda of bad, but the sex was so weird and bad, so they tried out pegging and it made things better a thousand times better, more than the sex in their original bodies.
I thought that maybe I could become a smart Bimbo just for fun and out of curiosity, but like, I guess is not possible and like I have trouble turning back, brainz funny hehe. So can you like help me change? (DM RP)
I was about to send a shirtless pic to a hot chick when a reality wave swept through town today--I'm the only one who remembers their old life and regretted hitting send right before I turned into this nerdy chick that everyone knows is shy. (RP)
it was another boring day at the office till another super villian was destroying the city. Supergirl flew up to stop him but he had some magic amulet that could swap bodies. In a blink of an eye I'm now hovering in the sky. The villain takes advantage of my new situation and blast me miles away.
Me and my girlfriend had a bet of who had a bet to who had an easier life. So we swapped, the first day I have been sending her nudes of herself all day while she's at work.(roleplay)
I just found this gorgeous red head! She's super curvey and tight, I've been having a lot of fun trying on lots of outfits but I was wondering if anyone would like to have some fun with me?
Aliens were testing new memory transfer technologies on humans and they decided to choose me and my pregnant mother as test subjects. At night they swapped our minds and in the morning I woke up in her body.(RP)
A secret spell has been making the rounds around school. Boys have been turning themselves into unrealistically attractive girls! You might not know if you’re not in the know, but if you see a girls acting lewd with one another, those are actually boys!
i have found a spellbook and called you over for some fun and turned you into my dream girl (story includes tg,mind change and romance)
I discovered my possession abilities and a creepy guy offered me money to possess this girl. Being broke I couldn’t refuse. I was scared at first as he wanted to do sexual stuff to me. However after spending the weekend being his slave I found I’ve got a new kink! Anyone else want to hire me? (RP)
You went to work while your three roommates stayed home to play this new VR game that came out. When you came home, you find that they have changed into the sexy avatars that they had created. They are not the roommates that you once knew. Who are they now and what are their new personalities like?
Jake scoffs. “It’s my body now, isn’t it?” I start to reply angrily, but my Unshifted boyfriend puts his hand on my shoulder gently before lighting Jake’s cigarette. “He’s right, Jess. We all have to accept it.” He says with a frown.
I tried to tell my best friend that therapy was helping. He insisted I just needed to stop wasting my money and go get laid. I brushed him off and headed to my next session. But my therapist seems to be acting a little more slutty than last time. What has gotten into her?
I was a scrawny guy who wanted to be more in shape. I found a spell online that was designed to make me more masculine. I didn’t know it worked by taking the masculinity from the closest guy. I now have my perfect body and I’m unaware that you in the next room over look like this (RP)
“W-what happened to my hands!? And voice…” I was having a good time at my best friend’s when the great shift hit me and his gf. Everyone was freaking out… Last night I couldn’t sleep because of the noise they made. But now feeling the soreness in my crotch, I could guess why she couldn’t keep quiet.
You Had Been The Reason Your School Partner Went From The Geeky Guy To The Hot Girl, And Apparently It Boosted His Confidence More Than Just A Little, Taking Up Your House Space.
You were my bully, and unfortunately for you, I found a spell book in my grandparents attic. With a simple spell found in the middle of the book, I forced you into our history teacher Mrs. Hayes’ body, adding a few additions such as you having the urge to suck me off. I love how you turned out! (RP)
The neighbors were excited with Jenny finally home from college. No one was happier than the lonely Martin. As he perved on her as she walked down the street, he quickly saw from a different point of view—hers. It turned out the great shift just hit, and he could do what he wants with Jenny’s body.
When The Great Shift Happened, I Was Studying In The Library, And Was Completely Unrecognizable, So I Decided To Do Some Wild Things With My New Body.
When my Bully found out I liked drinking milk, he made fun of me to no end, saying "Get yourself some cowgirl to feed you while you're at it." And that I did, by making him that cowgirl. His mind didnt alter much but he felt the need to feed me often, and that southern accent really added to it (Rp)
I tried looking around. “Where am I?” I said before I realized my voice changed. “What happened?” We took our yacht on a trip before a storm crashed our ship. I tried looking around, but I didn’t see you anywhere. From the distance I could see a figure far away, was that you?
I learned I have a really unusual kink. I love when my girlfriend has been possessed. I’ve even learned a few spells that will suck someone’s soul into Cheyenne’s body. It’s always fun to see how guys react to being her. Especially when I cast the spell during sex (RP)
My dad lets me play video games all I want, stay up as long as I want and eat all the candy I desire all I have to do is once a week take a pill that makes me a girl and go out with him usually for dinner but after I have to give him my “services” till he says he’s satisfied, we usually go all night
I thought that maybe I could become a smart Bimbo just for fun and out of curiosity, but like, I guess is not possible and like I have trouble turning back, brainz funny hehe. So can you like help me change? (DM RP)
Uncle Alan was a magician and a big prankster. So when he told everyone that he'd found real magic the family just laughed. Deciding to have fun, he offered to demonstrate by swapping a member of the family with Alana his girlfriend and lovely assistant. As it turned out, the lucky person was you!
John was in awe, the aging man had found a wishing stone and landed in a fit and hung male body with a gorgeous but cold girlfriend. After the best sex of his life he watched her not realizing he had the stone in hand. "What a goddess, I just wish she acted different...someone more my speed maybe"
During our yearly trip to our family home in the mountains something was up. My twin sister was acting strange all week, especially when our parents were out. It’s like someone else is in her body. But who?
After paying off a witch to let you posses a celebrity’s body you get a choice of 4 women each with a catch, which do you choose?
Me and my friend decided to play this transformation game, he pulled a card that said dumptruck and we didn't know what that meant. Then he turned into a thick woman with plenty of curves. The bad news is the board disappeared now he is stuck like this. (RP)
Do you remember that woman working outside the Pleasure station? Yeah that’s me, I owed thousands of dollars since I never paid for there service, so instead of jail they turned me into a woman to pleasure and suck off whoever requests my service
When my mom found out that I had a reality stone, she tried to take it away from me and it fell and broke. The next moment, we swapped bodies and we have no way to swap back(RP)
The aliens were testing new memory transfer technologies on humans and they decided to choose me and my pregnant mother as test subjects. At night it moved our minds and in the morning I woke up in her body.(RP)
I had a dream of my bestfriend telling me that I needed to let loose and release all that built up stress I've had. When I wake up I see my sister reaching down underneath my blanket. "What the fuck chelsea!" I call out. Noticing her eyes were a different color as she stared back at me.
10 months ago I was still in my old body, my ex still here in her's. 10 months ago my girlfriend's body didn't have my best friend's baby growing inside it. After she stole my body and life, he was really helpful and the past 10 months felt like a whirlwind.
You went to work while your three roommates stayed home to play this new VR game that came out. When you came home, you find that they have changed into the sexy avatars that they had created. They are not the roommates that you once knew. Who are they now and what are their new personalities like?
I was beating you in every game, everytime and making fun of you. So you decided to turn me into a bimbo egirl (RP)
So… I think the great shift did something to my Stepmom, I think a hooker or something is in her body, because she used to look natural and went to the gym a lot, but now? She has the figure of a bimbo! And won’t stop hitting on me! What do I do? (RP)
I have this strange power where if I fall asleep with someone's clothes on I'll wake up looking like them for the next day. My best friend didn't believe me though so I told him to get a chicks shirt from goodwill and to stay the night. I can't wait to wake him up and prove him wrong. (Roleplay)
"CLASSIFIED - OPERATION: BELYY MAK. Operative: Vladimir Kuznetsov, Alias: Barbara Smith. Objective: Infiltrate American society as a young 'hippie', and help the pacifists, until American troops leave Vietnam." Other than this report, all I had was a fake ID and a plane ticket. [RP]
When the Bride said she was petrified of walking down the aisle and asked if I would take X-Change Swap for the ceremony. As the Maid of honor I didn't think I could say no. We switch promising to switch back at the reception, but now the groom is pushing me to leave and I don't see her! (RP)
Me and my step sister were always arguing and fighting my dad decided to swap our bodies for us to work out our problems while they left for their vacation (rp wanted)
Body swap
pick 1
I love it when a plan backfires! This lady wanted to teach me a lesson on being a woman, so she swapped our bodies with this weird charm. Before she could explain the consequences of my actions I ran home and now I’m just using this chance to experience this awesome body! She’s not getting this back
(M4A) "Mmm, fuck babe~ You're getting really good at this~" Your boyfriend would tease as he shot out rope after rope of hot, sticky cum down your throat~ You were a shapeshifter and your lover absolutely adored your abilities. Celebrities, anime girls, video game waifus, all were a kiss away~
Coach ruined my NFL dreams, he signed me up for this experimental treatment that would help me grow stronger, faster and even taller but in reality the opposite happen, I lost nearly all my muscles, became almost a foot shorter and gained some very large assets, Im trying my best to still have fun
When I became your girlfriend through the Great Shift, you were absolutely devastated. It makes sense, because immediately I began to use her body in ways you couldn’t imagine. Starting with making puddles everywhere across the house… this body is something! (RP)
Edward got his girlfriend pregnant,his mom when she found out she got very angry with him and as a punishment she took away his virility, now Edward is called Ashley,a very busty girl,Aslhey didn't resist and let himself be fucked by the bullies, now she's pregnant and doesn't know who is the dad🍒🤰🏻
Jake and Caleb were two of the hottest guys in college. They also had a good rep since they stood up to bullies, which made them popular amongst the the other students. One of the bullies had enough and got his hands on an amulet that let him possess others. Then he set his sights on one of them(RP)
During my brother's birthday party my best friend disappeared at some point, and so did my brother... After 20 minutes of searching I decided to see where they were with a possession. And they are in my room! What A Bitch! That's my shirt! Oh no! Fuck I'm cumm...
“Another week isn’t going to hurt, Meg. Paul doesn’t even suspect!” My best friend says cheerfully from my body. “Speaking of which, can you give us a ride to the party on Saturday? You were invited, right?”
(M4A) Your roommate's jaw would drop as you slipped on the skinsuit, your body morphing to fill out its curves~ "H-holy shit... You weren't joking..." When you told your roommate that you were the sexy postergirl for some soft drink brand, he didn't believe you. Now, his eyes can't help but wander~
for swap class I got the shy nerdy girl all the jocks have been bullying me but one has been nice today I sent him this snap (rp wanted)
I was a college proffessor working on my deaging machine. but when I messed up I was turned into a young woman and the machine was fried. I needed to get to my house for parts. I had no choice but to put on a school uniform in the lost and found and run out. but it seems a frat party is going on (RP
Going to the beach with my best bud was going to be fun. His dad owned property there and we were going to have three months of awesomeness! That is until… you watched me pass out and turn into… a girl? Just what the hell was going on? (RP)
Eric, Ryan, and Andy decided to buy some of the popular ChangeU pills for fun. The transformations were random and lasted 24 hours. Andy was lucky to only get a large cock while Eric became a woman. Ryan,on the other hand,became a sex doll and just laid there to watch his friends experiment.
I Had Promised You That I Had Transformed, And Yet You Thought That, Like Always, I Was Pranking You, Until I Ended Up Showing You.
Anyone wanna try out a group rp?
"Four more days guys!" Ever since I got diagnosed with 'Gender-Flu' I've been documenting my transformation in my discord server. Everyone but me has seen my side effects... my IQ dropped really quickly, I was pretty, but super, super ditsy... to a point where it made a lot of issues.
There was an accident in my brother’s science lab swapped his body with his lab partner Callie. I had to take him, I mean her, home with me. When we got in the car, he lifted up his shirt and started feeling himself up. I’m starting to think this wasn’t an accident, but I’m not complaining…
When I found out the Bully did dance classes on the weekend I was elated, though it was street dance so it was hard to make fun of him, but after applying some of my talents I made him into a new type of dance...exotic dancing, and boy was his new body built for it. Same personality though (Rp)
My brother was on vacation, texting me about some strip club he'd gone too and saying he got kicked out for some of the bad things he did too the dancers. The next day he sent me this video of some girl, saying he was heading there today. Though im not sure if it was to watch. (Rp)
“You Act Like I Wanted To End Up Like This, Just Get In The Back.” Now I Had My Personality Still, But Lost Well, The Male Of Me. The Shift Happened, And I Found Myself In A Body That I Would Have Never Imagined.
I cant believe this girl sitting in front of me is the person I was supposed to be, I was approached by the reality bureau, they said that a rip in reality decades ago forced this women and I to swap our paths and lives, they set up a meet for us before they would swap us back to our correct state
My girlfriend had managed to make my body look very feminine since we swapped accidentally. if she keeps this up I'll be a chick even if when we swap back.
We were a couple similar to Bonnie and Clyde. After each robbery we would celebrate but you said you wanted to try something new. You wanted to swap bodies, I was scared but agreed. You were still girly in my body and a few hours later I was on my knees sucking you off with your mask on…(RP Wanted)
I had taken swap class in college but we weren't allowed to pick our partners. I had been stressing about it until I got paired up with the hot rich chick. I wonder how she's doing in my old body? (Roleplay)
My best friend had always been too tense before games. I wasn't one for football but he was so I might as well support him. I had told him that I'd take a swap pill and help him out as long as he doesn't fuck me, but now that the change has finished he's kinda turning me on. (Roleplay)
After you and I had swapped bodies with our wives, we had gone to hang out with another of our friends who had swapped with his wife. We were hanging out till she in his body came home and had asked if we could have sex. We were reluctant but agreed. Oh shit, I think our wives walked in…(RP Wanted)
Ivan was the only boy in her family along with 7 sisters,one day his mother brought home a witch,She fulfilled her greatest dream,his mother and her sisters saw how her body became that a woman and her breasts became enormous,now she is Isabella,one more woman in the family,a busty happy daughter🍒❤️
Being a Goddess was tough. Being the Goddess of Death was even more difficult. Fortunately, after eons of a job without benefit, I took an opportunity and possessed the very girl you had been drooling at for months. Care to ask me out now with my new tattoos? (RP)
I had just started swap class and I could not handle my new hormones but my swapmate wanted to check in so I tried to be discreet with playing on the phone!
“W-what happened to my hands!? And my voice…” I was having a good time at my best friend’s when the great shift swapped me and his gf. Everyone was freaking out…Last night I couldn’t sleep because of all the loud banging noises coming from their room. And now my crotch felt very sore as a result.
Mona felt a gust of wind swirl around her. In an instant, she felt herself get pushed out of her own body. She could only watch as her body behaved like a sex-crazed animal. It didn’t help that her boyfriend was coming over today…her body made sure to greet him with love. who or what is in her body?
[M4MpF]Alexandra daddario at a fan convention when suddenly felt something enter her body it was you a pervert ghost looking for a hot body. Getting the new body first thing you do was grabbing a virgin nerd and fucking right on the table infront of all the cameras and reporters[Kik in comment]
I have no friends and my family doesn’t care about me so I was spending another birthday alone. I bought myself a cake and lit up all the candles. When I blew them out I wished I wasnt alone and in the blink of an eye, here I was! (rp)
Needing a date to a family reunion, I tried long and hard to get a girl to come with me. Luckily, I knew you were always eager to help me in times of crisis, so with a simple little spell, you possessed the girl on my street named Katherine. “How does it feel?” (RP)
Ever since we swapped bodies, my girlfriend has been making my body more feminine to be more comfortable. I had to find a way to swap us back before it goes to far!
I was asleep when the Great Shift hit, but I definitely noticed its effects when I woke up in the body of my younger cousin, seated in between what are now my older sisters and on a plane to who knows where! (AMA/RP)
I was part of this new game show, where they swapped your body, and found you a partner. I sat here, in my new body, with this crazy outfit, waiting for 'my new partner'... I had no idea who was coming through the door! I'm this girl... who do I see come through the door?
After I won a bet with you, costing you nearly a quarter of all of your savings, you broke out the old spell book and cursed my car… obviously I didn’t know until it was too late, and now I’m sending you this photo once the transformation finished. You BETTER turn me back! (RP)
After you and your girlfriend were caught by the Role Exchanger, you had grown tall and muscular, where she had grown lithe and less curvy. After a month of dodging your advances, she had finally decided to open up to you. Self conscious, she told you, "So, this is the new me..."
My family has a very unique tradition, when we turn 18 we suddenly wake up as a soon to be celeb. Every year we reunite for a one week family party, during the party we talk, eat and have amazing sex with eachother. This year we have an all over female family. (RP)
Ivan was the only boy in her family along with 7 sisters,one day his mother brought home a witch,She fulfilled her greatest dream,his mother and her sisters saw how her body became that a woman and her breasts became enormous,now she is Isabella,one more woman in the family,a busty happy daughter🍒❤️
You feel a bright flash and close your eyes, when you open them you see your sister’s boyfriend taking your picture. “See baby you look so good.” You we’re so disoriented you didn’t even notice the 10 extra pounds pulling on your chest.
Milf swap talk
"maybe this isn't so bad" I thought to myself. Right after my bully turned me into his favorite pornstar and pounded the masculinity out of me.
It was a normal day until my sisters lab experiment went off sending everyone’s souls out of their body. For the most part everyone would have made it back to their original body but I had problems making it back to mine forcing everyone to swap. Who did I end up in? And who confronts me? Rp wanted
Am I the only one who really doesn’t like/understand the whole “spooky island” scooby doo thing?
Celeb related body swap
Always was jealous of my sister's body and really wanted to be a slut. When I woke up I was in her body. Aren't these some amazing tits?
Alex was getting robbed at her work by a weird looking guy. When he was going to approach the cash register, he slipped and bumped heads with Alex, passing both out. When the police come, they took away a scared guy who was talking nonsense, meanwhile "Alex" took a break to masturbate.
Me and my girlfriend swapped bodies and went to the club we got separated and I was walking home when two guys offered me a helicopter ride and told me they would give me a lot of money I just needed to help them out with something (rp wanted)
May Contest Voting
Recently there has been a fake Snapchat know as Swapchat. The filter of this app effects you in real life. I tried it out with my roommate and after sometime couldn't control ourselves.
It was the wedding of my friend Tony's sister,however he was mad,since he knew that his whole family would judge him and make fun of him because he didn't even have a girlfriend,so without hesitation I used my feminine pills and I became a busty woman,now Toni has a busty woman for the wedding👰🏼‍♀️🥳
When I was diagnosed with Second Puberty… I never expected that there would be any chance I’d go from a skinny, white college aged guy to a black woman with freakishly large tits and hips. Second Puberty is a bitch… (RP)
[Reddit] You promised you'd leave my sister's body once Comicon was over but, now that we're alone in our hotel room, you're telling me you're here to stay. [RP]
I’ll admit it. I was skeptical at first about the swap, but after a few days as your sister Faith, I’ve come to love everything about this body. It might just be the resort, but, I never want to leave. So, maybe we don’t need to swap her and I back? I’ll make it worth the trouble… (RP)
[Reddit] It's been a week since you took over my mother's body. I was upset, at first, but after talking with you I've come to discover my 'new mom' comes with certain perks.~
Things were going great until I something behind my girlfriend. I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan.
"What did i do to deserve this?" I asked you before you gaged me. You were my ex who got extremely jelous when we broke up and wanting revenge you decided to kidnap me and give me a x-change so i was stuck as a weak petite girl whilst you finally got your revenge for me for breaking up with you (Rp)
My eyes dart back and forth between my parents and my brother in my body. I’m in pure panic mode. “Mom, dad! No! You cannot let him leave the house like that. Especially if he’s hanging out with his guy friends. I know I shouldn’t have been hiding alcohol, you have to swap us back!” I beg. (RP)
When you and your family went to the beach, you never would have expected to have found a gorgeous girl asleep in a bikini laying right where the waves crashed. As soon as you woke her up and her eyes flashed open, you watched her touch her body before asking: “Who’s body am I fucking in?” (RP)
Max's girlfriend reacted to his cheating on her by turning his entire fraternity into a sorority! Yup, he's the one who got her mad, but it was all of us who ended up in gowns for the house formal. We're all "his type," but of course, none of us would actually go out with him. We have boyfriends!
I always loved being the center of attention, loved it since I was a kid. it all boiled down to my 23rd birthday, where I got so tired of my old body, and I wanted to be the hottest babe I can think of. Now, I'm going to take over the country, everyone will adore me
Ever since Tim had his second puberty, his wife chose to adopt him so he could still be a part of his sons' lives. Since then, Tammy has taken great satisfaction in teasing her new brothers, though he has been bolder of late. Maybe it's not just teasing anymore...
It was the FOSE, and I didn't have any plans for the night, so I decided to play games and avoid getting FOSE'd since it was just after the exams. Little did I know, the school's mean girl actually a crush on me and was masturbating, so here I am. Luckily, she lives alone...I think.(RP)
I Used To Be Your Bully. Bullying Everything From Height To Size To Brain. But Since This X-Change Slip, You’ve Been Bullying Me In A, Different Way
Me and you get stranded in this deserted island after a shipwreck. While looking for food, I tried some berries, and transformed me in a woman! A rescue seems very unlikely in the near future... [RP]
Did I spike your drink with an X-Change pill? Yes. Did the pill turn you into a splitting image of our school’s most popular, yet dumbest girl? Yes again. Did the pill cause mental changes? Possibly, but who cares? Let’s just have fun! (RP)
My gf requested for her bday, that I had to agree that I would gag her and my body would be allowed to do anything with hers for the next 24hours. It was a strange formulation but she insisted so I agreed. The moment I gagged and cuffed her my vision shifted and suddenly I was on the ground (rp)
I tried sneaking out of a club without paying, but a bouncer caught me and threw me into a machine. I hear a robotic voice. “Analyzing…punishment determined. Draining masculinity. Increasing estrogen. Reshaping body. Replacing personality 2% complete. In 48 hours you’ll forget you were ever a man.”
My father was transitioning from his career as a regular surgeon to a BodyShaper, one who alters your appearance to your will. I agreed to be his test subject, and after a month or so I thought I recognised my mom's features on my face... I had no idea how far he would make the resemblance go (RP)
After swapping bodies with my wife’s best friend, I thought I could enjoy life stress free. The swap was only meant to last a week and it was the second day of the swap when I received this video from my wife’s friends number. I was furious. As I began to text her, she decided to ring me…(RP Wanted)
Me and my girlfriend always tossed around the idea of going to a swap clinic to try it out but never had. Then one day we said "Fuck it, why not?" But now after we did he makes me wear these strange outfits and he has troubles controlling his hormones. (Roleplay)
"Oh heeeeyyyyy!! You doin' okay, baby boy?" It was weird bumping into your father at the store. It had been months since you last saw him. He lost his body, wealth, and education to his bimbo ex-wife. More alarming was the wedding ring on his finger.
This wasn’t what I had in mind when I was offered a ‘immersive cultural experience in Asia’. I hope my host family will not be another surprise like the body I got..
My dad got remarried, which introduced me to a very bratty stepsister. She was annoying and would get in trouble. I wished she’d be more open to others. When I saw her again, she was exposing herself on our couch. My wish might’ve opened her body up for someone or something to take control…
At first I was skeptical, but once I saw the body I was getting for the week, I couldn’t be more excited to be on Exchange Island. Oh? You got swapped into a hunky male? Lucky me… (RP wanted)
It's the happiest day of my life. I am marrying my soulmate. Sure, I used to be a huge, strapping man. Sure, I used to torment the man who is about to become my husband. Sure, I know he's responsible for changing my body and mind. But that change of mind has made me content to be his wife.
It was all over the news, peoples bodies were being possessed by these spirits. Pulling peoples souls out of their bodies and possessing them. Scott knew he had to keep his girlfriend safe but when he got to her, her soul was already getting extracted her eyes white and her body empty to be filled.
Turns out, the chav I banned from my store was a Witch and she’s turned me into this council estate waste of space and nobody believes me! My own wife kicked me out when I tried to tell her what happened. Can anybody help me?
I make fun of a girl in sports because of those boobs and the very moment she swaps my body with hers "Hey why am I in her body!?" (RP)
I told my girlfriend that she would look good in lingerie. Not believing me, she decide to slip me an x-change that would turn me into a copy of her. Now she's forcing me to try on outfits for her! (RP)
“Yeah dude it sucks the school is going to start making you wear the girl uniforms. I don’t get what the big deal is you don’t look that much different from before.” After you got second puberty I tried treating you as normal as possible but it seemed everyone else was pushing you into womanhood. Rp
I sit at the bar embarrassed when the great shift happend I was drinking before being swapped nearly half way around the world into a random girl drinking by herself at the bar (rp wanted)
At the bachelor party, my best man, Dave, told me he couldn't wait to get with a drunk bridesmaid. Then came the Genderwave. Now that my dad (formerly my mom) has walked me down the aisle, my maid of honor, Diana, can't wait to get drunk and find a cute groomsman! The more things change...
Despite a year after the Great shift affecting us all, we still showed up in our High School reunion.(RP)
Join the Premium 💖 Discord Server!
The Great Shift was hard to deal with at first, considering that I was just an anti-social shut in at the time that streams occasionally. But when my audience grew because of my new body, I guess you could say I got a bit confident because of them saying how I look cute now--thank you. (RP)
I saw this weird app on the app store one afternoon and decided to mess around with it's so called 'Genderswap' filter, and it turned me into a hot chick in an instant right in front of the mirror! Strange part is, people think this is actually who I'm supposed to be, but it really isn't...(RP)
We were supposed to go on vacation together until my Mom said no. I told you to have your girlfriend go with you . I possessed your girlfriend while you guys are at the beach. “Told you I would go on vacation with you bro!”
Me and my friend had decided to go to a convention.We use that knew Autocosplay booth at the convention well it malfunctioned leaving me in this body for a few days until they fix it.Me and my friend had only booked one room and let’s just say it escalated quickly.
I desperately needed a date to take with me on a family dinner. That is when you, my best friend, used a spell to turn into a copy of your cousin. ‘This will work’ I said as I couldn’t keep my eyes off your new ass
I was part of this new game show, where they swapped your body, and found you a partner. I sat here, in my new body, with this crazy outfit, waiting for 'my new partner'... I had no idea who was coming through the door! I'm this girl... who do I see come through the door?
“Dude, I need to know… since I’m your date to this dinner party… would these stockings go well with my black dress?” I text my friend, who asked me o a date after accidentally taking an X-change. (Rp)
I’ve like, been in this body for a week now and I totally still act like my old self. My wife is going to be so angry when she finds out the mental changes aspect failed. I can’t wait to tell her! I will after I go clubbing tonight and get railed by dozens of men
[ Removed by Reddit ]
Life had been normal for years until today. Three major things happened within hours. My older sis found an old spell book under her floorboards, my younger step sibling came out to me as wanting to be a girl, and my gf wants to break up so she can enjoy her vacation. I nervously read a spell. (RP)
I was in my room doing homework when I suddenly woke up in the body of a hot stripper! apparently I was asleep so long that she has already made it back to her own apartment (rp wanted!!)
I always dreamed of joining the force to fight and stop crime, I was already smart and super athletic so becoming a cop I thought would be easy but when I heard Id have to do almost 6 months at the academy I had to find an other way, I hired a witch to help but I dont think Ill be on the front lines
When my parents were low on money, they looked for many routes of making some sort of income. The only one they found was an experimental surgery to make my a girl. It’s only been a few hours and they tasked you with picking me up. (RP)
Beware of what you wish for - Part 2
Te last time I've seen my father was 5 long years ago! Last week he send me a text message and invited me to his place. Today I visit him, but after I knocked on the door, this women opened it and not my father.... (RP)
Going undercover is hard but you had to to make sure your country was safe you posed as the enemy nation lost daughter to get information on what there doing
I was in possession of a pair of rings made out of a weird stone. I slipped one on my finger and I must have dropped one somewhere. Nothing happened until my ring started glowing and suddenly I was in the middle of nowhere… what’s with all this hair?
"Hey boy, are you lost?" Tifanny asked him. "No, just wanna get inside your fat ass." He grabbed her hand and she passed out. "You woke up. Your body is really nice, I was just looking for a new body to fuck, I will get a lot of fun with you." My former body said feeling up my tits then leaving.
"Who the hell are you? Ana?" I said when I get home, seeing my wife in skimpy clothes. "I just got more comfortable inside her flesh, it's a good body but it was funless." She talks laughing. "Just so you know, while I'm driving this sweetie I don't want to be bothered." Then she went out like that.
My puppy got swapped into my husband during a storm the other night and it’s been hard to keep him under control. He’s been a good boy tonight, so I let him have a treat!
During summer camp I made a witch mad and she made me turn into this girl! You are my best friend and I plan to meet up with for the first time after the change and I didn’t tell you about it. I see you and yell “Hey dude over here!”
“Really? Of All The Holidays To Celebrate, You Choose National Foot Fetish Day? I Guess. You’re Lucky I Had A Pill.”
I was a shapeshifter who was messing with my friend when suddenly there was a bright flash. when I opened my eyes I was in a weird place and body. for some reason my powers arent working. turns out the great shift hit throwing me into a non shapeshifters body. (RP)
Breaking the Code
You didn't think about it to much as your best friend asks you about your first huge crush. Now he has transformed into said crush and rides her juicy ass on your dick. Thanks to an app he could transform his body into anybody... maybe this app even works on you... (RP)
I love bananas,my friend said that it seemed that he ate a huge cock and that is why I liked to eat banana, one day I got so angry so I changed bodies with his busty mom and I got a huge banana in my mouth,he couldn't make fun of me because women like me love a huge banana in our mouth and taste it🍌
Yearn For Balance - New M2F Sci-Fi Original Comic by LenioTG
as a closeted guy, i could never get the guy i wanted—my best friend. I made a wish I could be with him, but the next morning I found myself in the body of his current, bimbo girlfriend! this isn’t what i wanted, but now i’m an airy vapid blonde! RP
My life was reset, my entire existance changed, now i have to climb back up the corporate ladder once more, this time i'll have to get a little dirty. My new name is Carol Danvers, yes i have the name of a super hero, but i assure you, i am no such thing. (RP)
You thought you were so funny dressing in girls clothes, but you don’t know I’ve always wanted to peg you. As soon as I got the picture from you, I sent it to my friends with the caption and went to get a big strap-on. We’re going to have fun tonight (RP)
I was tired of my friend trying to show off his body. I wasnt gay and it was getting really annoying. So I decided to make his body abit more appealing to see when he showed it off. Though he seems to think its all normal, and nothings changed at all. (Rp)
It’s pretty embarrassing to be the only person ever to have undergone second puberty and turned from a man to a woman. My family and friends are being so weird too… (RP choose which I turn into)
My fiancé was shocked when the great shift put me in the body of her best friend days before our wedding. But that wasn’t enough to break us up. Now we just have a different way to enjoy each other. (Rp)
When most people Shifted, the new body was a shock, but at least they were free to explore their new selves. Not me… I woke to find myself collared and bound, unable to remove the gag filling my mouth. I only had a few moments to figure out what was happening before I heard footsteps… (RP in chat)
I watch as you completely stop, your new blonde hair staying still as I go ahead and repeat what I just said: “Those pills were permanent… you’re stuck dude. You’re stuck looking like my ex-girlfriend, but don’t worry, I can help you adjust.” Then, a devilish look spreads across my face. (RP)
When I heard my mom call me from her bedroom, I made my way up, only to find her sitting like this with a bright smile. “I’m doing it to you babe…” Who we’re you and why were you inside of my mother!? (RP)
This island was magical. I met a spirt that had no shape or form. We talked and spent time together. I couldn’t help but Ct h feelings. She knew how much I loved my mom as well. The spirt wanted to feel that love. So it possessed my mother to surprise me..
I was so tired of never getting laid. Seeing my friends all strutting around and bragging about the pussy they get. One night I'm sitting there frustrated and wish up to a shooting star to finally get laid for once before heading to bed. I wake up to the sight of my sister on top of me...
all i wanted was to go on my schools trip to italy. it’s all i had ever wanted but i couldn’t afford it. i wished for a chance to go, id do just about anything for it! i went to sleep that night in my room but woke up in a hotel in italy as one of my classmates—danielle! what do i do now!? RP
“no dude, i’m not giving your girl her body back. i LIKE it here” i send you a snap back, with this selfie and the message. i had stolen your girlfriends body as a prank, just to mess with you. i ended up REALLY enjoying it, with no intentions of leaving anytime soon. RP
When my university mandated Swap Class, I was quite upset. When I ended up getting partnered with your crush Taylor O’Neil, things went upside down extremely fast the second I went to go to the bathroom. I just I invited you over, still have a crush on her? (RP)
The benefits of having a body hopper friend? We can literally do whatever we want with other people's bodies! This girl was being so rude at a cafe we were at, so he decided to shut her up and let me have some fun with her...
I was in my room doing homework when I suddenly woke up in the body of a hot stripper! apparently I was asleep so long that she has already made it back to her own apartment(rp wanted!!)
You see your sister post this on her snapchat story. Little did you know, a body hopper has taken her body for themselves for some fun. What do you do?
“Yea that looks cute” I say to myself in a mirror before my first date. After the FOSE hit a year ago I’ve slowly been adapting to my new life as Florence Pugh. Tonight was my first date as a woman, I hope he’s nice
“Whatever Man. This Stupid Pill Of Yours. Here. I Hope You Get Enough Video For Your Startup, Now Can I Finish?”
Today Was National Foot Fetish Day, And I Wanted You, My Foot Fetish Friend, To Experience It. So I Switched Into Your Close Minded Girlfriend’s Body, Letting You Experience It.
I really needed a job but the only place hiring was hooters I decided to take a xchange pill. now your looking at a new bartender for hooters (rp wanted)
my sister had a double date she was going to bring her friend but she pulled out last minute so she casted a spell turning me Into her sexy little sister (rp wanted)
Out of town? Disloyal boyfriend? Then book him into our daycare. We'll house him, feed him, and place him in a dickless body you can trust to stay faithful. Meanwhile your partner can frolic and play to his heart's content with our other kennelled men
I have something to admit, I was jerking off to your mom during the FOSE. It’s quite humiliating to become a 53 year old woman, but I have at least one benefit, seeing you have a boner every time I walk by. I wonder what reaction I’ll get with this ‘honey’! (RP)
Me and my sister swapped bodies and we don’t know what to do.
Its been 3 weeks since my second puberty started and it's to the point were I can't hide my female traits anymore and the worst of it is my tits, I can't go without a bra anymore that's for sure. I'll just have to keep wearing hoodies but it's getting harder in the warmer weather going into summer.
My girlfriend (left) got a week long free vacation trip along with 3 others, bringing me, her best friend (right), and her best friend's boyfriend. As we all got settled in, the friend's boyfriend tells me he wants a REAL vacation, showing me a potion to make us swap bodies for the whole vacation.
“You Thought I Wouldn’t Catch On? Idiot. Of Course I Would. I Know When National Foot Fetish Day Is. Just Stay Still. You Get To Feel Dommed By Your Best Friend, Your Now Woman Best Friend.”
Just hopped into my friend's gf. Been curious what her body looks like.
I had just bought some swap cream at the prank store. You put some on your hand and the next person you touch you swap. I went over to my gfs place to use it on her. I reached out my hand to who opened the door. Sadly it was her mom. she told me to take a beer out to her husband and then we'd talk.
The great shift landed me in this body, that of a trans woman. I've moved back to my own home.. but seeing how many people are swapped, I wonder if I'll ever manage to find a way to get this cage off of me.
I met this other woman who is also adjusting to the great shift. Like me, she used to be a teenaged boy before the shift happened. (RP)
To make extra money I use my step sisters clothes and a X-Change pill to record lewd videos of my new female body, I accidentally sent this video to my step bro, I hope he doesn’t come into my room because this pill lasts for another 3 hours (rp)
Milf swap
My step mom enjoys hanging out with me, it’s really weird, one day she took me by the hand and said “let’s make a bet, we swap bodies, have a bit of sex and if you orgasm I keep your body” I think we all know I lost, and now I’m trying on some outfits and getting really horny looking at my new body
I had signed up to work at swap island they agreed to give me a job as a maid. they then swapped my body into a female telling me this was the body for all the maids that worked here (rp wanted)
When I found out my boyfriend was having an afair with my girlfriend I was outraged, and decided I needed proper revenge. So when he sent me this vid, looking exactly like her...well with added assets I suppose, I knew my revenge was working. (Rp)
My friend was a famous streamer, but he was missing that special something to take it too the next level. A Face reveal. So, in an attempt to help him, I tried giving him a face he'd like showing. Well, he shows something else now, and streams on chaturbate instead. (Rp)
I was your typical misogynistic, gay, communist pirate when I was turned into a woman by a witch for refusing her passage. Now I need to learn the errors of my way by starting my own business and seeing how good the capitalist system works. (Basics in economics required, proof of degree preferred)
My parents had signed an agreement at the swap clinic in my name which had to be honoured. So now, I’m stuck looking like this for the foreseeable future to help them make more money (RP)
As it turned out my gf turned into her sister instead of showering. In the pic u can see my gf while her actual sister is away for the weekend with her parents. I'll make sure to enjoy this body while I have the chance. (Rp)
I had been asking out this girl for a while. She would often avoid actually answering me, so one day I decided I'd enjoy her myself. I possessed her dog, and when I saw her I swapped our bodies. Now she's my little dog and I'm the sexy girl, I'm sure she loves being cuddled by me!
As the light began to come through the blinds, hitting your eyes in the process, you force your eyes to open. This would lead you to discover a beautiful, nude girl leaning over you. “Hey there! I’m Shiloh! Welcome to the Land of the Dead!” (RP)
Milf swap
me and my girlfriend were excited to announce to her parents that we were having a baby. I was making sure to drink all her wine to keep ot a surprise. but halfway through dinner suddenly I was on the couch. apparently her aunt meant to steal her body and I drank the potion. (RP)
My family had a curse. Any boy would become a girl on their 18th birthday. Both of my older siblings were born girls, but now it's my turn, I woke up on my birthday completely changed, in this body that's a lot more cute than I used to be.
"Listen here dude, I don't care this is your girl or anyone else. I'm gonna fuck as much as I want inside her body." My girlfriend body was being used by this nasty guys, some pervert get in here due to the great shift. "Don't worry, when my partners are done you can still dump your cum inside her."
“Now that’s the first smile I’ve seen from you in a long while,” Alice said catching a glimpse of my reflection. My second puberty was finally finished and had done a number on me. But the truth was, I had become sexy as hell. This could be fun.
I splurged on an all expense paid trip to Swap Island after my recent divorce. I opted for a “Lottery Pick Swap” lucked out with this incredible body. I usually prefer my ladies shaved clean, but this landing strip is far sexier than I ever imagined and I love showing it off.
Spooky Island RP
Coming back home from the gym, Taylor rubbed one out of a super hot guy she met there, exactly when the FOSE hit, sending her to his body, but she wanted to be with him, not be him!. She rushed to her house to figure this out only to found her body in the kitchen doing this. It seem he likes her too
"What happened? we don't know, a lot people called this situation the Scarlettfication, everybody in some cities transformed into Scarlett Johansson, so now we are a lot of Scarlett Johansson copy and try to live our new lives"
Yesterday I got into an argument with my daughter, ending with her storming out shouting that she wishes I would see how hard being a girl in college is. The next day I woke up in a strangers bedroom, looking like this? And some woman is shouting from downstairs something about first day? (rp)
After my parents' divorce my mom married her boss, he tried to get along with me so he invited me to drink,I got drunk and told him that I always dreamed of being a busty woman,he told me he would make it happen but I had to call dad to him,I accepted and now I am a happy busty I LOVE YOU DADDY💗👨‍👧
When my university mandated Swap Class, I was quite upset. When I ended up getting partnered with your crush Taylor O’Neil, things went upside down extremely fast the second I went to go to the bathroom. I just I invited you over, still have a crush on her? (RP)
"OMG I actually look like a little petite busty bimbo he wasn't lying, oh wait, he said it was permanent TOO" I made a bet with this guy over a quick game of basketball and if he won he said didn't want money, he wanted my manhood, now I know what he meant lookin at myself in the men's looker room
I was sleeping when the Great Shift happened, but I certainly noticed its effects when I woke up on an airplane, seating in between my female cousins and in the body of the younger one of the trio! (RP/AMA)
[ Removed by Reddit ]
(M4F) I was alone in my apartment, looking out of a window to the night sky. I made a wish on a shooting star to be on a date with my forever love. When i went to bed, reality changed to where i woke up being in a nice restaurant. I then see my mom walking towards me. I was her date. (Rp)
if i was your sister and we swapped bodies, what would you do?
My best friend was always talking about my mom and she was this and that. How he would love to be her....I thought he said get by her...but this morning she is acting really strange...(rp in dms)
Before Second Puberty hit me, I was one of the "nerdy" guys, but after I changed completely: not only physically, but also in character, to the point you could barely recognize me. A few months later my change, we decide to meet for the first time. [RP]
"My moms way too happy, she keeps saying how she always wanted a daughter and stuff... gotta make me wonder whether she didn't fuck up the swap class lists." My swap class had an error, and all the names when swapping back were wrong... I'm stuck as this girl now, and they can't ever swap us again!
My sister signed into a swap app service and is now selling her body for a ton of money. She told no one about this! Even worse is that I invited the boys to hang out with me this evening... I just hope that whoever swaps with her won't ruin the night I've planned... (RP)
willing to rp for anyone with a plot
Incredulous: that feeling when you accidentally swap bodies with your robot dragonfly and this is what you're met with. Ask me anything, by the way, like how I got into this mess in the first place.
Unaware that I was in exchange island, this island made the switch a few hours after arriving. I was relaxing in my bikini not realizing who was sitting a few feet from me. Suddenly a flash went off and everyone had switch bodies. I looked around and saw my own body look right at me and stands up…
My buddy was supposed to be home from that party awhile ago and I was starting to get worried. I text his number and got no response. Finally I heard a panicked knock on the door and this woman was standing there. Apparently, at the party all the girls stole men bodies so hes stuck as this woman. RP
My traditional strict parents were really disappointed in me when they found out I got expelled.They quickly made some calls,and I changed into their daughter and they’ve been treating me like one.Today, they said I’m going to meet someone to get married to. I texted you, “how do I get out of this?”
Alice was tired of her brother-in-law behaviour, he was a horny little boy who always wanted to touch her or see her naked. One day, an electric storm hit her boyfriend's house and somehow it made her swap bodies with her brother-in-law, who locked himself in the bathroom to finally get to touch her
“Hey! So you must be my new roommate! I’m Patrick!” I said. Ever since last year I swapped bodies with my ex girlfriend and she ditched me leaving me in her body. I decided to continue my life as normal in her body. “What’s your name?”
(A4F) Being the head of Stella Online's most powerful adventurer's guild wasn't an easy job. You had to do a mountain of paperwork, maintain relationships with all the NPCs, get used like a living sex doll by your members so they can relieve their pent up stress... You know, the usual leader stuff!
I had signed up for swap class unfortunately I got swapped with a girl atlest she was popular it was hard not to tell people who I really was I just had to pretend to be her for another couple of months (rp wanted)
When most people Shifted, the new body was a shock, but at least they were free to explore their new selves. Not me… I woke to find my self collared and bound, unable to remove the gag filling my mouth. I only had a few moments to figure out what was happening before I heard footsteps… (RP in chat)
I was a dying old man my granddaughter had come visit me she offered me the body of her bestfriend who recently died I agreed now I'm in the body of a 19 year old with no one knowing who I really was apart from my granddaughter (rp wanted)
Having a genius older sister definitely has its perks… but also its flaws. I’m her guinea pig and while I was sleeping she injected me with something which turned me into a girl… everyone seems to be having so much fun with it so she isn’t even turning me back yet! (RP)
It’s been about 6 months since I woke up from the great shift. Finally, I’m beginning to feel comfortable in my new body. Maybe a dating profile would help me get even more comfortable. (Rp)
At the end of last semester, we found out the swap machine broke. They’re still working on it, but in the meantime they told us to live our own lives in the wrong body. I walk into my new dorm and see you. “You must be my new roommate. I’m Jake. Ignore all this.” I gesture to my very female body. RP
"Hey! Hey wake up!" you heard a voice say as your eyes slowly opened. As your vision cleared you saw a naked woman standing over you, the sound of waves in the distance. You were unaware the plane you were on had crashed on a strange island, leaving you in a different passenger's body! (survival RP)
Actually it was planned that my girlfriend and her mom and I would go on vacation together. arrived at the hotel my girlfriend got covid and was left alone in her mom's room and now her mom and I are in my room, to top it all we somehow switch bodies (rp in dm)
My daughter had been told off one too many times. She ordered a dark magic transformation kit off the internet and transformed me into her new sister! I can’t stand this new life and my Step Dad is such an asshole! (Rp)
i’ve had a crush on my best friends older sister for years. she never gave me a chance, let alone any attention. i had totally given up, and just wished for a chance to get closer to her. the next morning, i work up in her pink room with her hair caressing MY shoulders! now what do i do!? RP
I had refused to do chores around the house and always told my step mom it was a woman's job to clean and cook. One day I had told her to make me a sandwich, and she snapped. Screaming and telling me I'd pay for this. I didn't believe her until one day I woke up as her. (Roleplay)
Credit to @Transformation Lover. Would anyone like to RP this with me?
(RP Wanted. Chat me) I come home for summer break finding my mother like this and was not expecting it. "Mom, are you ok?" I ask looking at you quite confused. It had been a while since I heard from my girlfriend. But after a day or two she said she was ok. She lived 2 hours away.
My friend had never had never had the best luck keeping a girl around because of how fixated he was on his hobbies. I offered to help by swapping into a girl and being his lover. While our first time having sex was electric, my orgasm had barely subsided before he got back to work. Ugh.
After we were assigned each other’s crushes for swap class, we promised we wouldn’t do anything sus together. That rule went out the window 5 minutes later. (RP)
My best friend was complaining how she wanted to break up with her boyfriend, but he just booked them a 3 week trip around Europe and she didn’t wanna seem like a bitch. I told her I wish there was a way for me to help. I woke up the next morning in her room seeing a note by the bed. (Rp)
There was a huge storm raging outside the news warned everyone to stay inside well i your best friend didn’t listen and went outside I got really hurt and the only way to save me was to change my body I woke up like this… at least I still had my chick right? (Rp Send me a chat if interested:)
Kevin had been an all American football star until he slipped and fell into an estrogen tank at his internship. It drastically changed his body, but also his mind. He remembers his old life, but so much prefers life this way. He starts DMing sexy pictures to every guy he knows. (RP)
The gender studies department selected me to participate in a study. They turned me into a girl and want me to live like this for 6 months. I’m in the pink ready to go out when I realize I’m not wearing panties. I feel small vibrations in my crotch and a plug in my ass. (RP)
I swapped into this girl, to test my daughter's boyfriend's loyalty to her. Now we are on a date, and I want to see how far he will go.
Every day of the week you take control of a different celebs body, who do you choose and what do you do in their body, Sunday you can pick anyone you want (Don’t have to be mentioned here)
In the divorce settlement, your step-mother managed to get everything. Literally everything, even your father's body. Of course, she kicked you out after she took over. You had to move in with your dad in his new body. Sadly, without any money, his new goal in life was to become a trophy wife... RP
I couldn't believe that you did this. Sipping on my tea I shook my head. The fullness of my breasts and massive tummy reminding me about your dumb wishes. "You had three wishes. You wished for a girlfriend, a family and to marry your best friend.So I went from John to Jess. Friend to wife BABE!"RP
I was in my room doing homework when I suddenly woke up in the body of a hot stripper! apparently I was asleep so long that she has already made it back to her own apartment (rp in dm)
(MtFUTA4F) You couldn't help but roll your eyes as your roommate asked you out~ It was an easy rejection, you were a lesbian after all~ But, you have been feeling a little pent up recently... While jilling to some porn, you'd see an ad showcasing a high-end vr rig, and an idea would enter your mind~
Are there any women that want my body?
Does anyone want to swap bodies with my friends??
I looked down and tried to figure out where I was. I was at a party with my girlfriend when I got in an argument with someone. I remember him landing a punch on me but not much else, I woke up confused where I was. I heard footsteps, maybe they knew what happened
My Bully was really testing his limits by bullying the fact i'd lost my Mother recently. Well, i'd show him what was coming too him by making him my new Mom. Sure he may still dislike me. but niw he has the urge to pamper and take care of me. (Rp)
Me and my friend frequently swapped bodies. Most of the time at her request but I didn't really mind it, being a short, cute girl was kinda fun. But this was the first long term one we've done, we decided to take a month off so she can take a vacation with her friends in my body. (dm2rp)
I came back to my house from grocery shopping. When I came back I didn't see my roommate anywhere. I kept walking around the house and I peaked in his room and saw this woman checking her reflection out. Hey who are you I say and she jumps and looks back at me. (RP)
“Do we have to do this?” I looked over at you.Being a twin was one thing,but having your sister be able to do magic was something else.Whenever she didn’t want to do something, she always swapped us. She swapped us tonight right before her date as she dropped me off, “why can’t you just cancel”
You and I had always been losers. We were scrawny, nerdy, white boys with no friends but each other. I developed a crazy scheme to improve our lives buy ordering magical clothes. You were skeptical at first, but after putting them on, we transformed into these beautiful, athletic women of color.
"Mother knows best.." My girlfriend was convinced I was attracted to my step mother, but I refused. What I didn't realize was that she would put that theory to the test by hopping her, using this jewel she bought from an antique shop. "W-Wait.. what about Jane?!"
After years, I went back to playing catch with my best friend from elementary school, only we are no longer two fast and energetic boys, now I have two huge breasts that slow me down🥲🍒
My best friend was stressing out because his mom's nudes were found in an old playboy magazine. To help him relax about the situation I swapped with his mom and started explaining the whole situation. . . (Roleplay)
I offered to take mom's place around the house while she's away on business but they insisted I take her memories too. Remembering two lives is so disorientating. As long as I avoid recalling the night I was conceived it's fi- eww, now that's ALL I can think about! And it's making her body so horny!
I invited you over to my house to show you this new pill I found that let's us possess anybody we want. I couldn't wait to try them out at school, so I suggest using it oh my family. Who do you choose?
[M4A playing FtF]You were the ugliest girl in town,nobody talked to you except me a nerd who who is treated same way.The town's hottest girl always bullied you.So I put a swap pill in her food.Next day you found yourself in her body.Excited you quickly send me vid to show the new you[Kik in comment]
I found an app that can completely alter bodies. I turn into your crush Lexie and send you two pictures. “Which do you like better? A pussy or dick?” (RP)
When taking swap class, you couldn't let anyone find out about you not being you, the loophole was quite simple, everyone just told the others before that they wouldn't be their self for the time being which technically didnt count. Everyone but this classmate of mine who I just woke up as, shit(rp)
Right after the start of puberty, my twin brother more felt like a girl and swapped our bodies. I was devastated but accepted my faith. Now years later he( now she) felt it was wrong and swapped us back. Im now back in my own adult female body! This feels so weird but exciting!(AMA\open RP)
“mmm fuck...this is perfect. yeah, sorry bud i don’t see myself leaving this body anytime soon. better get used to me being around” you possessed my girlfriend just to mess with me, and now you’re starting to enjoy how it makes you feel and the power you have over me! (RP)
Unaware that I was in exchange island, this island made the switch a few hours after arriving. I was relaxing in my bikini not realizing who was sitting a few feet from me. Suddenly a flash went off and everyone had switch bodies. I looked around and saw my own body look right at me and stands up…
"X-Changing Gifts!" We had a corporate party, and were required to bring gifts for our co-workers. I had gotten an email leak though from our boss- I was to be fired next week. So I made treats for the party filled with X-Change, and gave one to my boss. Now he's "tearing my head off" in his office!
Life after the Great Shift is fucking messy. I went from a 35 year old man to this heavily pregnant 19 year old girl. When I give birth (a phrase I’d never thought I’d use) I’ll give the baby to the original mother (now a 60 year old woman) Luckily my wife turned into a well hung man in his late 20s
You and I were best friends and a explorers one day we explored and abandoned temple when we both touched a magical object at the same time the world spun and we woke up in a new reality… I was a girl now… your girl… (Rp:)
I had ripped through so many sluts shirts that when second puberty hit, I was able to rip through my own. What I wasn't able to do, was cover up when my guy best friend walked in the room. (Roleplay)
I had just gone for a swim but the moment my skin touched the water my body changed. I hadn't noticed until my guy best friend was staring at me. 'What are you staring at dumbass?" (Roleplay)
I died. I became a spirit that was just wandering around the world. I decided to check up on my ex girlfriend (19f). As soon as I got close to her I possessed her! I didn’t know you were on a date with her on a boat. What should I do?
Leaving the swap clinic in your new body felt amazing. You'd paid premium for a super expensive, hot body... but then you felt a cold shiver... I hopped your body. "Haha... wow, you have to pay for that experience? Feels bad for you... this is my body now." So... which body did you buy, and I steal?
Oh. My. God… last night I had gone to the bar and my buddy got drunk. Due to that, he began to hurl racist insults at a beautiful bartender, but she had thought it was me… so she put a curse on me and I woke up like this. This is not how I thought I’d spend my Saturday. (RP)
My friend was scared when he woke up in my sisters body but after running in my room to find me I thought of something to take his mind off it..
Looking for women who would like to swap with a guy. (24m)
It was a stormy night, I was trying out some weird spells from a book i had just found on the street. After trying summoning something, my milfy mom started moaning loudly... (RP)
Looking for woman who would like to swap with a guy for a week. (24m)
What do you mean this is permanent?! what do you mean we are suppose to assume their lives? That's why we had to pick family? Guys my cousin does porn with her husband! Stop laughing... FUCK YOU GUY! you're all flat chested assholes you know that?
i wanted to get revenge on my bull so I took a xchange pill and convinced his girlfriend to break up with him but he won't stop msging me saying I'm cute hopefully I don't see him at the club with my new bestfriend (rp wanted)
I was taking my best friend's daughter home from school when someone rear ended my car. Our souls must have gotten knocked out because we switched bodies! Now I'm home and checking out my new sexy young body. Being a girl feels amazing! And her nipples are so sensitive, they feel so good!
Our parents insisted my sis brings her bf around for dinner . She said to me that he often does embarrassing things ti her. We agreed on a signal where I would switch bodies with her if needed. She's giving me the signal but I don't see anything strange happening? I guess I will swap and see (rp)
It’s been a few weeks since I swapped with my mom as a gift for Mother’s Day. We were supposed to swap back the day after but we keep finding reasons to put it off. In particular I’ve really enjoyed getting to know Dad from the perspective of his wife. I’d like to explore this for a little longer.
My friends parents were out of town but she was too scared to be home alone, so for the weekend we agreed to swap bodies so that she could be in my room with people around the house and I would be alone in her house, unexpectedly her parents came home three days early (rp)
It was a stormy night, I was trying out some weird spells from a book i had just found on the street. After trying summoning something, my milfy mom started moaning loudly... (RP)
(M4AtF) "Dude, you haven't said a single word all day ever since you got back from the doctors... Is everything alright?" Your roommate would ask~ You had transitioned almost a week ago, but you had no clue how you were going to explain to him that you replaced your throat with a fleshlight...
I was leading a touring group in the woods when I got word one of them was sneaking around the area, away from the group. I decided to teach him a lesson. I was more then a park ranger, I was the guardian of this forest, so what better way to turn this lost soul into one of my Forest Nymph(os). Rp)
(A4ApF) Azula knew she should've just burned the whole place down after none of the guys appreciated her flirting, but against her better judgement, she decided to let the crew indulge themselves~ Little did she know there was an... "Afterparty"... Maybe she could grab some guy's attention this way~
Having a genius older sister definitely has its perks… but also its flaws. I’m her guinea pig and while I was sleeping she injected me with something which turned me into a girl… everyone seems to be having so much fun with it so she isn’t even turning me back yet! (RP)
I was at a restaurant with my GF. I've noticed a old guy starring at her for a long time already. I really didn't know what to think about it, but I just ignored him. My GF went to the toilet and that perv followed her inside. I knock on the door "babe? Are you okay?" (RP)
My brother was a weird and perverted guy. He always asked me about my GF. It was annoying and told him to shut the fuck up! He just laughed and said "Don't worry. I don't want to fuck your GF, I just want to be more like her" I didn't know what he was talking about. today my brother vanished (RP)
I swapped into this girl to test my daughter's boyfriend's loyalty. Now I'm on a date with him to see how far he would go
I was a compulsive gambler betting all i had aginst you and losing you gave me a few days to pay up but when i couldnt i was sceard youd kill me. You gave me 2 options die or pay my debt another way i choose to live.....you changed my looks to be your perfect woman (RP open Dm's have a good day:)
Having big dick energy is a curse, literally. I suck the masculinity from anyone I'm close to for too long. Take my father and my brother for example. Here they are now, constantly begging for my cock. They seem so blissful while, to me, it's just another person begging for my cock.
A few weeks ago your husband made fun of you for your weird cravings and crazy emotions during the early stages of your pregnancy, so you decided he'd have to carry the baby for the rest of the pregnancy. You were at his job when he sent you this video, just wanting to tease you a bit. (CHAT TO RP)
Playing Mom for a Bit
I swiped these pills from this trans girl's locker hoping that I could resell them, when I got caught I had to claim I just was jealous and wanted to transition, I thought a skirt was better than jail but I didn't expect them to make me take the pills!
After a mishap with the auto closet your son was turned into a near perfect carbon copy of your wife, or at least you think it was an accident. your wife had been complaining about being in a house full of men. "Can't belive I'm stuck like this dad. I'm supposed to be taking bras off not wearing one
I was looking over my character sheet of my D&amp;D Half-Elf Warlock last night wishing I could get a female perspective to RP her better, and I woke up like this! I have D&amp;D with my geeky friends in a few hours! What should I do? (RP)
The theme of the party was dressing up as the opposite gender. I used my sisters make up and made me into an exact copy of her. We were planning to go so you picked me up. “Where’s your brother?” I thought it was so funny I tricked you so I decided to just act as my sister at the party
We were planning to go to a costume party. I used my sisters makeup to make me look like an exact copy of her. You came to pick me up. “Where’s your brother?” You said confused. I decide to act as my sister and go to the party pretending to be her!
After finding out I have hopping-abilities, I wanted to prank you as your curvy mom. Oh boy, this is gonna be fun! Wait, is that your dad coming?
ShapeWear. An incredible technology that allows us to shape our bodies as easy as clay. As a prank, my sister tricked me into wearing her ShapeSuit and cranked hip setting to maximum since I'm always making fun of her hips... but now she can't get the suit to stop! They keep getting bigger (RP)
I thought I was doing a good deed by volunteering at the swap clinic charity event. I was showing off one of our new models until the highest bidder requested a date with me. Even worse, the donator was a kid I used to bully in high school. He intends on making me “pay him back until we’re even.”
The gender virus ruined me. It changed my relationship with my best friend, he became controlling, he threw away my old clothes leaving me with only dresses, he’s made me act girly, he’s teased my new sex until I’m desperately horny, one day he pulled out his penis and I couldn’t help myself
My step mom had swapped me and her a week ago so that she could relax while my dad had gone on vacation. Everything was well and I kept up with chores but today while doing laundry. . . "HELP, I'M STUCK IN THE WASHING MACHINE" (Roleplay)
Hey y'all, I'm on the market now! That is to say, 𝘐 permaswapped with my Chihuahua and 𝘺𝘰𝘶 are free to date my former body! I hope you'll like her! ☺ [IRTR]
I thought my new invention would save the world or at least make the world more fun. It copies things. When this lady walked in as my test subject I was shocked. I asked her to step into the pod and when I turned on the device it blew up. Well I copied this girl and now the whole town looks like her
Does anyone want to swap bodies with my friend??
I don’t know what happened. I don’t know how long it’s been, but this morning I found myself in the body of this naked middle-aged woman on a boat. Checking charts and the amount of gas, I only had enough to make it to your town. Will you help me? (RP)
Last night, I had wished upon a star that I would have a beautiful, intelligent girlfriend who would love me for who I was. Unfortunately, as I woke up this morning, I had this picture sent from your phone with the caption: “Care to explain!?” (RP)
It’s been a week since I woke up in a new reality as my daughters sister and I think I’m actually getting used to my new life. How do I look? I think my makeup is on fleek! (rp)
My sister heard I finally graduated and was going to a stuffy office job. She said it'd be no good for me and we got in a fight. Her way of getting back at me while showing me how fun I could have in another job was to turn me into this and dump me out in the city! H-How humiliating...
“Dude, come over and fuck me already! I know it’s weird being in my old body but I don’t mind I’m happier in this one!” I beg over text while I pound my new gamer e-girl body I landed in after the great shift. She was mid shoot when I landed in this body and I wouldn’t dare take the dildo out! (Rp)
I got a video from my roommate Will texted to me. He said he got hit with the role exchanger and when I open the video I saw a latina hottie instead of a lanky and skinny tall white dude. "Woah you got hit a lot" I say realizing you must have some mental changes too sending a vid like that (RP Open)
My sister made my life hell, so now I'm going to ruin hers. Knowing she's away for the weekend, I snuck into her room and stole her ShapeWear swimsuit. A few hours wearing it reformed my male body like clay into hers! Perfect! Now to turn her reputation from good girl into the local slut!
"Well, you never did specify that the 'he' had to be human, that he needed hands to do it, or even that YOU had to be in your body, so..." I press a few buttons on my remote, and suddenly Elora is met with this view. "What?! I never asked for this!" "You should've been more clear, then."
If there is someone you would like to be a 42 year old mother I would offer my body for a swap. I’m looking for a young male body 😍 but only for a few days
Any buds want to gender swap for me?
After watching euphoria I became obsessed with Hunter Schafer. It was getting to the point that all of the walls in my room were covered with pictures of her. After one night jerking I felt a change. As soon as the cum spurted out of my tip. Next thing I knew I was waking up in someone else’s body.
“Yeah dude, it’s actually not bad. Mr Henderson pays for everything for me and he’s not bad in bed either hehe. I didn’t think I’d get the job when they told me they preferred a female nanny, but I told them I was willing to change. So what do you think? Ready to play?” (RP)
Any other older women here who have the same fantasy like me of swapping bodies with a young stud?
I had always been the neglected child growing up, my sister got all the attention from my parents. when I turned 21 I used some money I saved up for college and went to the swap clinic and became a girl to start fresh in a new town away from my family. I'm happy now but I'm horny all the time (rp)
After this weekend accident with dads invention I ended as my sister and vice versa. We pleaded our parents to let us stay home till it's fixed but they wouldn't budge so here I am at school, pretending to be my sister (rp)
I was working on a science project when suddenly an explosion happened and I was knocked out for awhile. When I woke up I found my body had transformed into a woman, I tried finding a way to turn back but I couldn't think straight because of this body. I needed to head out for a bit. (DM4RP)
It's been a year since the great shift. I shifted into a lovely young woman. I am married to a wonderful man and I am meeting my best friend who I haven seen in a long time.(RP)
Are here any older woman who wants to swap bodies with a young stud (25m)?
I just woke up and now I'm suddenly a big booty stripper! I've got a shift in a while so I better learn how to twerk real fast! I think I'm starting to get the hang of it... Off to the club I go
Sandra was watching TV when she felt a chill and her body straightened up. She started to masturbate violently, but didn't know why her body was acting against her will. When she went to scream, her hand grabbed her own neck. "I'm not finished with your pussy bitch!" Her voice voice shouted at her.
High-rollers get all the special benefits at the Casinos, the newest one is possessing and gambling from a body of their choice- ‘for comfort’. Unfortunately, you’d picked my girlfriend as soon as we walked into the hotel.
Hey do remember me, that dude who’s beer you spiked with an Xchange 5 months ago and knocked up, well this is me and update I’m staying with you since this is entirely your fault, so move aside because I’m gonna be here for life
our parents wouldnt let us date. so we perma possessing our parents, she possessed her mom and i possessed my dad. we divorced our other parent and go married. now we are enjoying our honeymoon.
My sister called me and I felt a weird buzz come from the phone. It said click number 2 to posses. I clicked it and now I was in my little sisters 19 year old body! “What the hell!” Just then you walk in and say “hey babe! You okay?”
My sister Katie was curious what it would be like to have a curvy body. That’s when she decided to swap us both. Now I was in her 18 year old flat body. And she was in my curvy 27 year old body. “Katie! What did you do to us?!” I asked while she explored my body.
When you signed up for Swap Class, we didn’t expect you to get the most popular girl involved- you went from zero to hero. However, you insisted on changing her style, sending us photos like this at every opportunity.
“I just wish that Lucy would date me!” you told your fairy godmother. Lucy had been your friend for years despite your efforts to get out of the friend-zone. “I think we can make you more appealing to Lucy,” smiled your fairy godmother. Then *POOF*! Turns out Lucy was into girls and never told you.
(Discord) Hey looking to get a bit evil, looking for a partner who enjoys being in female form. hmu for details.
Seriously man, try the pregnancy punch! You definitely won't care that it's got no booze in it. Can you believe I'm on my second one?
My daughter always complained about me never being able to understand how hard it is to be a teenage girl so last night I wished to understand her life and I woke up today like this!
My friends begged me to come. As soon as I entered the island I was changed into a male. However my body was given to someone who rigged the system. Someone from our party made sure they paid extra so my body went to my long time high school bully. Everyone was at the night party. So was my body.
Was it weird to be sitting in my Aunt Jackie’s body? Very, but it wasn’t my fault. She used a spell on me, and I found myself as her… so I’m asking you, as my best friend, to help me find her so I can swap back. Will you help me? (RP)
Your life was boring, bad or just fucked up! but now it changes. Now you'll be the most beloved person in this world! You can possess whoever you want and have fun. (More information in comments)
My best friend broke up with his girlfriend. I’ve never seen him so down. Since he didn’t know I was a body hopper, I concocted the perfect plan. I hopped his ex, and waited for him to come home. He was surprised to see his ‘girlfriend’ naked, begging him to get back with her.
My french teacher pulled me over after class and said "I'm suprised how much a player you try to be in my class despite not paying attention, French is the language of love". So I proved that theory by turning him into a cute french girl that barely speaks english... (RP Wanted)
Hey there ! I will have some time to use my powers on anyone that would want during the day, therefore feel free to volunteer ! We never get what we want in life, but surely I can find a sweet setting for you to evolve in !
I managed to swap my body with our shy friend who everyone has a crush on and always wears baggy clothes. I told her tomorrow we would find the way to change back and that I would take care of her body. Immediately me after reaching home sending this to the boys groupchat:
"Hey baby, would you like to spend some time with your mommy?~" Yesterday a lighting bolt hit our house and destroyed parts of it. It was really bad, but for some reason mom looks so relaxed? she even acts differently...
“Mom!! Give me a second I’m with an old friend of mine” annoyed “hey I’m really sorry, when I swapped into her daughters body at the clinic she’s forcing me to live her daughters life and she thinks your trying to make a move on me, I don’t think she remembers I was a guy before the swap”
You had become so jealous since I started dating Daniel. We were best friends but it seemed I didn't have time for you anymore. You got this idea to surprise me. Taking an Xchange pill and asking to hang out at your parents because they were gone and we could use their hot tub like old times.
My mom wished that I could understand more the opposite side, and here I am now, and worst of all a lot of things changed, not only my gender. Having to go to school like this is gonna be so hard! (RP)
Test
Like, dude it’s me! All I remember from last night is making fun of some bimbos and I woke up like this! No, I won’t send you a nude!! Just come over right now so we can figure out how I can change back!
[M4A] I was lonely all my life I have one best friend One day I was talking about how I want to girl that I liked to notice me he offered to possess her and use my black cock
I had been 2 days since I swapped bodies with this chav girl I could feel myself getting dumber and horny I finally gave in inviting my bully round who didn't know I had swapped bodies (rp wanted)
Any older women want to swap with a younger dude and play out some fantasies? 27M4F
I was a compulsive gambler betting all i had aginst you and losing you gave me a few days to pay up but when i couldnt i was sceard youd kill me. You gave me 2 options die or pay my debt another way i choose to live.....you changed my looks to be your perfect woman (RP open Dm's have a good day:)
Was it my intention to accidentally swap you and my mom’s bodies? Hell no. Was it my fault that she saw it as a chance to have a new, young life? Probably, but I’m willing to try and get you more comfortable… even if you’re my mother now. (RP)
"baby please turn me back I'm sorry I said your friends are whores please turn me back I'm.. I'm sorry" I beg I had pissed off my gf so she turned me into a girl.
Things only got better for me after the great shift. People we’re nicer to me, always wanted to hang out, even my old bully started protecting me. So, I guess he gets a reward with this little video. (Rp)
After my brother got second puberty he was feeling really down about everything. I told him me and him would hangout today and go to the bar. He was really excited but mom maid him wear a dress which sucks but hopefully this cheers him up. (RP)
Somehow I swapped bodies with my daughters boyfriend. I always dreamed about being young again but now I’m a young guy. He is now dealing with his new body’s assets in my 42 year old body. What should I do now?
“Don’t forget that’s still my mom.” I said while driving us to Conners house. I owed my long time bully money. And to get my attention he hit his gf to posses my moms body for leverage. She’s only been in her body for an hour but she made herself at home..
You knew you had no chance to fight back against me your BBC bully as a man, so you took a pink pill. As a girl you convinced me to go to the beach with you and you notice you have an effect on that massive BBC which made you doubt your own manhood so many times.
(Spoilers for Elden Ring) I was playing Elden Ring and I couldn’t get past Maliketh. I ended up getting so pissed off that I threw my controller into my tv. Right as I did that a golden light blinded me and made me pass out. When I woke up, I was inside the game (RP)
When my Mom saw the box of hair dye in the bathroom she was fuming, saying I wouldnt end up like one of those awful goths. Well unfortunately some of it tipped into her shower and it would seem her entire body, some memory and attitude has changed. (Rp)
I’ve had problems before with bodies rejecting my possession but in the end they always bend to my will but this time was different when possessing the wife of a rich man her body was too willing to be possessed now Her bodies wildly horny and I can’t resist it’s urges
27 [M4F]
My sister knew some magic and she pleaded me to let her transform me into a copy of herself so she could dress me up for her date with make up and everything, to see how she will look before getting herself ready. The problem is she lost the track of time which we have yet to realize (rp)
"Four more days guys!" Ever since I got diagnosed with 'Gender-Flu' I've been documenting my transformation in my discord server. Everyone but me has seen my side effects... my IQ dropped really quickly, I was pretty, but super, super ditsy... to a point where it made a lot of issues.
The Slow Transformation
“Hey bully, I submit, look I even had a witch transform my body for you” after finally getting to my breaking point with my bully I gave up and took the loss swapping my manhood for a cute ginger body. Now all I had to do was seduce my bully, maybe he’s a good boyfriend(rp wanted)
[RP] Who wants to swap with my mom?!
It's been a few days since a hooker stole my body, my wife and my job. I don't know what to do now, I have to pay my debts.
(MTF4M) It’s been over a month after my second puberty. You haven’t seen me in a few months, but with the help of your family, you know what happened to me. Today, you came back from the trip. I and your parents gave you a little welcome party. That’s when you saw the new me. (rp)
My daughter constantly complained that I didnt understand how hard it was to be a teenage girl so I made a wish on a shooting star to understand her better and I woke up like this!
i was never meant to live this life but here i am! this girl wished for a new life after a bad day at the same time i did, and we somehow got swapped! i hater my old life and LOVE this new one, even though it’s taking a bit to get used to. i could use some help? RP
After I returned from that haunted house Ive always felt this strong urge to go to the gym. Now Im standing in my bathroom at my washboard abs, wondering how did I get them so quickly ? I had no idea something had followed me home from that place…(RP)
Me and My best friend went to a club together to get laid. It didn't take my friend much time to find a girl and they left together. I took one too many shots and the next thing I remember is waking up with tits and my best friend naked over me. Should I tell him it's me?
You’d been bragging about your new VR game- PossVR. However, we soon realised that all I did was put you inside a body of your choice to control, looks like you’ve chosen your neighbour and there’s nothing she could do.
my sister was offered a free vacation to Dubai she didn't want to go I asked to swap bodies with her cause I've never traveled before she agreed now I'm waiting by the pool for the group of men that paid for my trip (rp wanted)
China had always been fond of soft power, but their latest gambit was softer than most - "work for us and we'll give you a young, beautiful body to swap into". I'm run ragged investigating half the old men in the senate for leaking military secrets, but I love the footage we get bugging their homes
"Wow i cant beleive you possessed your busty mother just to get me back. im mean look at this, your mother has way bigger tits than you did"
This annoying gym rat was going around my gym, bothering all my women customers, asking them to do naughty things. So, I put alittle something special into his protein powder and made him one of our new workout machines, though I think he's getting the most excersise (Rp)
"Hey, Chibi, who wants a tre--" "Wait, no, n-n-n-no, this can't be possible--" "Somebody, PLEASE HELP!," old Cafe pointlessly remarked, the new one, in her brief time of being human, having already learned far too much about their behavior to *ever* want to return to being a bird.
Tina was doing research in the library when she came across an old book. She took it home with her, and as soon as she opened it, she freed a succubus trapped in the pages. The demon invited itself into Tina’s body, intent on fucking or getting fucked by anything and everything that moves…
Life was hard.... Your only son was getting older and barely visits you... you really want to spend more time with him, but he was always to busy with his job and random women that just want his money... you where sick of this and decided visit swap clinic! show your son what he deserves!
It was the last day of swap class. Ed just started enjoying Carla’s body and he didn’t want to give it up. Everyone was shocked when the teacher said the machine was broken. If only they knew Ed broke in the night before and sabotaged the machine. Now he could enjoy ‘his’ body for the summer too!
"Stop calling me 'mom'!" I yelled at my little brother. "Sorry bro but you look just like her...." he said staring at my newly gained massive tits just as big as my mom's. When Second Puberty hit, I turned out looking like a younger clone our mom who abandoned us years ago.
I was making fun of a girl but I never thought she would swap our bodies "Where am I ?" look around me (Rp)
I managed to swap my body with our shy friend who everyone has a crush on and always wears baggy clothes. I told her tomorrow we would find the way to change back and that I would take care of her body. Immediately me after reaching home sending this to the boys groupchat:
A Milf Takeover (M Possessed By F)
my girlfriend was to clingy towards me I decide to break up with her telling her I wanted a girlfriend not a dog cause that was how she was acting. the next day I woke up in her body with a collar and leash on (rp wanted)
my parents were scientists they made a swap machine and swap me and my sisters body but it broke. they told me I still have to act like my sister so I can to go to school then cheerleader practice (rp wanted)
my house short circuited and caused my girlfriend to swap bodies with our dog! he’s been insatiable in her body, humping and licking me at every chance! my cock is the only thing that seems to calm him down, but he’s obsessed! and she isn’t happy about it! RP
My sister called me and I felt a weird buzz come from the phone. It said click number 2 to posses. I clicked it and now I was in my little sisters 19 year old body! “What the hell!” Just then you walk in and say “hey babe! You okay?”
Incomplete body transformation is so frustrating. I dress up as a girl but always horny so can't hide my dick in the shorts which I love. While adjusting the dick i always end up masturbating myself
It had been weeks since the mishap in Swap Class leaving me trapped in the former Prom Queen, Blair’s body. I hadn’t wanted to go out, but finally forced me out to dinner. “So, why were you so eager to get me out of the house?” (RP)
The sabre flies out of my hand as the sea wench won our duell on my own pirate ship. "Get it over with" I grunt. Her dark smile promisd a curse worse than death. The next time I open my eyes I feel your hands on my neck as you just helped your girlfriend put on a necklace you found on the beach.
I shouldn’t have logged onto the airport WiFi, computer hackers and viruses infected my computer. However, one hacker used my computer to take over my body, now he’s in control of everything I do!
“Okay look, I get that I’m in Blair’s body… and I get she cheated on you and everything, but we’re still friends. Best friends, so can you please stop ignoring me and treating our friendship like shit for one minute?” (RP)
We found a body changing remote and my friend was lucky to try it first, on me, already an hour passed and he is still changing me "Dude, this isn't even funny anymore, turn me back!" I cried out, annoyed and embarrassed (rp)
"see you should buy this you look so sexy!" I say coming out of the dressing room. I have the best girlfriend ever! we have a deal that if I go shopping with her I can pick one thing I want to see her wear. The catch is I have to be the one to try it on and try to convince her to buy it.
When my ultra-religious found out I had pre-martial sex, they sent me to some weird Christian-values camp in rural Idaho. Here they turn guys into girls because “girls are naturally less lustful then men.” It clearly didn’t work because I’m the horniest I’ve ever been.
When my ultra-religious parents found out I had pre-martial sex, they sent me to a weird Christian-values camp in rural Idaho. Here they transform guys into girls because “girls are naturally less sex-driven than men”. This is clearly not true as I’m the horniest I’ve ever been.
Dog with a bone (animal body swap trigger warning)
I was a policeman and we locked some hookers for the night. One of them had some strange device, she flashed me with it but nothing happened. However after an hour I somehow turned into this woman, I need to find the device in the storage before anyone comes (rp)
anyone want my body for the weekend??
Following another of your nasty experiments, my conscious now resided in the body of your step-mother. Just because I’m your friend doesn’t mean you should be taking advantage of this situation… (RP)
I love reminding daddy what he can't have while in chastity 😈 He gets so turned on!
I had went to a festival I managed to find someone selling Molly I take the pill walking off a hour later my whole body had changed into a female my outfit had also changed. I wanted to take Molly not become Molly (rp wanted)
I’m in the most mischievous swap class ever! Rob got into the teacher and got her fired. As punishment we all had to swap for a week. I got Courtney, I had no idea she was an egirl! It’s so hard posting so much content and so many creeps! Though the free pants do fit nicely, don’t you think?
“So miss witch, to stay alive and keep this body for the rest of a happy natural life, I have to sleep with 100 different guys in 50 days? Easy!” Little did I know every guy I slept with I got dumber and and dumber till I got to the last guy who would become my caretaker and breeder. (Rp wanted)
(M4F RP) Getting stuck in a bodysuit that can't even stand up wasn't your plan. After getting a look at your new body though, it's not too bad.
my dad planned this whole road trip with my sister for months now and at the last minute she decided to use the spell book mom passed onto her to swap our body's so now I've got to be her for a month straight till I get back off this trip and she gets to stay at home playing games(RP)
The role exchanger hit my college and I got hit the hardest. I’m the strangest combination of all the people at school. (AMA/RP)
Second puberty hit me sometime between football season and prom season. I don't know for sure, but I'm willing to bet that I'm the first person in the state to earn All-State quarterback honors AND be crowned prom queen in the same year.
I didn’t like my best friends new gf, so i decided to do something to break them up - I took a swap pill and i’m going to get him to come fuck me. The pill i got gave me a fat ass which helped to persuade him, and now he’s coming over! Why do i feel horny knowing what he’s going to come do to me?!
is there any girl?
Hi! I'm you from a different universe. Yeah, back in 2019 Earth was conquered by aliens with vastly superior technology. They're all male, and they use subjugated populations to reproduce. All of humanity was turned female, &amp; now I'm just waiting to be bred for the first time. Eh, it is what it is.
"My moms over the moon... keeps saying how she always wanted a daughter and stuff... gotta make me wonder whether she didn't fuck up the swap class lists." My swap class had an error, and all the names when swapping back were wrong... I'm stuck as this girl now, and they can't ever swap us again!
"Yes, My company could not find any models for their newest lingerie launch, they said it's raunchy or whatever. They pay a lot of these shoots, so I decided to take the pill and opt in for a quick buck. I signed you in as a photographer so that we could both profit from this. Is it too sexy? "
My two biggest loves were Goth and Bimbos! But my friend said that there was no way i'd find someone that was both. Well, I decided to prove him wrong and make him both. Though I think I made him abit too dumb. He keeps drooling all over. (Rp)
I was only suppose to be a girl for just three hours. I remember the plan was to take the pill, be a girl and get free drinks at the bar. It was working so many guys came up to me and bought me drinks, but slowly I started to feel more and more hot. Now look at me I'm in a stranger's car whoring out
Dying on your holiday to LA wasn’t ideal, but when you became a ghost you had a variety of celebrity’s to choose from. So who are you going to possess? Hurry you’re only a ghost for a day before you fade away
While you and I were hanging out, I got a message from Jake's sister on Facebook. She told me that Jake always ignored her, and she wanted to figure out why. To do so, she had bought two swap pills, and wanted to swap bodies with me to try and figure out why. "What should I answer?" I ask you. (RP)
Like, dude it’s me! All I remember from last night is making fun of some bimbos and I woke up like this! No, I won’t send you a nude!! Just come over right now so we can figure out how I can change back!
We had been seeing each other for a few weeks, but I wouldn't spend the night, I tried one night and couldn't sleep at all. I've finally decided to let you in on my secret.. my weighted bodysuit. It's the only way I can sleep anymore. "it's modeled after me, it helps it feel natural... Im very cozy"
You lost a bet and owed me lots of money. As your best friend, I gave you some time to pay me back but you disappeared from my life after time ran out. So I possessed your mom's body to go to your house and take my money. Wait who's that at the door?
While working in the college library, I found a strange book with unique symbols on the side. It was not the libraries book, so I put it in the lost and found. When I got to my room, I found it in my bag. I fell asleep reading it. I woke up looking like this. (More in comments) (RP)
“Not bad… not bad at all…” I had been dead for sixteen years, unable to do anything until… your sister here died in her sleep. I quickly took her place, and… I’m alive! I can’t let you know obviously, but, I can’t lie that I’m horny… (RP)
When you’re a reverse hopper, even shopping is a nightmare. One minute i’m walking down the aisle with my flatmate and the next- some guy has hopped her and is stripping in front of the cereal.
The Great Shift swapped genders for 15% of the world, most people were unaffected, but I was one of the unlucky ones. I have been a curvy chav chick for about two weeks now. My best friend decided to cheer me up by taking me out the dinner, but he had other plans... (RP WANTED)
My sister needed a break from her life for a night so she asked if I could take care of her baby. Of course I said yes. But she should have told me that she meant I’d be in her body. (RP)
As you can see, gentlemen, Venus Corporate offers the largest selection of all sex change entertainment products. In this room, you can see our suit collections. We have our interns test them all the time, to make sure they work and fit. You in the back, would you like to try one on?
Lord it’s been a long night out. But I have to keep partying. Partying until I drop. I always wanted the night lifestyle. So a malevolent witch gave me what I wanted: a body that parties hard and won’t stop and the only way out is to go to 100 parties in one night. On to the next bar I guess
I was at a thrift store and saw this strange mirror. I look into it and noticed a different reflection. That's when I realised I was in a completely different body and location! I'm some alt girl in her 30s! Who am I? Why is she shirtless?
Ariel was shooting up a shoes ad when the great shift hit, swapping her body with a complete stranger, which after the intial shock, he begin to strip his clothes and explore. The people on the studio tought it was a good idea to record it all and that's how Ariel started a porn career.
I had prayed to anyone, anything to give me the body of my dreams. And a demon gave me just that, but instead of a hot stuff, I became a big tiddy goth gf. Although I haven't quite yet got the girlfriend part yet. (rp in Dm)
In the event of a crash on an uninhabited planet, the ship AI initiates the Eve Protocol, transforming all but one male passenger into fertile, breedable women. Stranded on this remote world with my father, it could be decades, even centuries, before rescue finds us
Like, dude it’s me! All I remember from last night is making fun of some bimbos and I woke up like this! No, I won’t send you a nude!! Just come over right now so we can figure out how I can change back!
I want to buy some clothes in a shopping mall as a present for my girlfriend’s birthday so we swapped bodies for a day. I hope I won’t meet any of her noise friends…
You were thankful your husband was finally allowed home for the firs time in months, but whatever the military had done was wrong. He'd been transformed into a petite woman as part of their supersoldier breeding program. You could tell he was starting to change mentally to fit his new body. (RP)
The drugs market was big business, constantly changing to meet customer demands. Recently, there had been increasing demand for a party drug- part X-Change and a mild stimulant. You, my best friend had become addicted.
Thanks again boys. I totally forgot that I told my friends there’d be hot girls running my poker game tonight. Just act natural. You’ll get good tips. And you’ll be yourselves again in 24 hours. Unless you have sex with a guy. (RP)
Following the great shift, I had ended up in the body of my best friends mom. Her husband hadn’t been shifted and still believed it was his wife in here… (RP)
My sister was always athletic so she always wore sports bras instead of normal bras, so I’ve never been sure how big her boobs were. This was until me and her swapped bodies and I instantly checked out her body and realized she was hiding these massive boobs! (Rp)
I was talking to my neighbor's girlfriend, I see that she suffers abuse from him, she asks me to accompany her to the apartment, seconds later I wake up tied up with a dog collar and leash and in her body. She stole my body to escape from this life, I don't know what to do!
You rubbed upon an old oil lamp that you stumbled upon at a local junk shop and bought for a dollar. Against all odds, a Magic Genie had come out of it. You wished to swap bodies with someone that was “rich, beautiful and famous” and you were given these options below. Which option will you choose?
I died in an accident at a beach resort. A couple months later, my friends had a party celebrating finishing college at the resort. I tried to communicate with one, but I phased into her body when I touched her. I was alive, and I found two good reasons why this body was better than my old one.
Scissoring is something that happens mainly in porn. In real life it’s rather difficult and often unnecessary. However, my friend (who was lesbian) kept asking if I wanted to try it. I was straight, so I said no… so she got one of her friends to possess me! Now she’s forcing me to have sex with her!
(F2M warning!) Theresa was absolutely obsessed with this boy in her class. However, she was a nerd, and he was a jock. So… with her nerdy intelligence, she made a device which could possess people and she used it on him! His body feels amazing… except that he’s still aware and very unhappy!
(M4F RP) Getting swapped into a girl who can't even stand up seemed like a bad thing until you got to see your new sexy body
My best friend was a lesbian. I've always thought of it as weird but it would never ruin our friendship. But, I transformed into a chic and now it's ruined our friendship and started a relationship..
When my ultra-religious parents found out I had pre-martial sex, they sent me to a weird Christian-values camp in rural Idaho. Here they transform guys into girls because “girls are naturally less sex-driven than men”. This is clearly not true as I’m the horniest I’ve ever been.
When you told me about your Sports Science project for college-possessing a fellow student, I couldn’t believe it. However, it seems to me like you’re enjoying it a bit more than experiencing exercise in a different body.
When my ultra-religous parents found out I had pre-marital sex, they made me go to a weird Christian-values camp in rural Idaho. Here they transform guys into girls because "girls are naturally less sex-driven than men". This is clearly not true as I'm the horniest I've ever been.
I had been just over a week since my sister had swapped my body into her slutty bestfriend and I think she already hates it I always come round to raid her clothes so we can go to the club together and have fun (rp wanted)
We were on a school trip when I found this magic artifact buried in the ground. After holding it for 20 seconds, my body changed dramatically and I can’t stop flashing my new tits at people. As long as a cute guy walks by, it’s totally worth it!! (RP)
I was dying in the hospital, wishing for a second chance at life. When my nurse came in she gave me my medicine and as I took it, I became her. I've been checking myself out, getting messages from her boyfriend (rp in Dm)
After taking a permanent x-change none of my clothes fit anymore. So now I'm stuck wearing a sweat shirt until I go shopping with my buddy I've been living with. (Rp in Dm)
“It’s a beautiful view right? And I don’t just mean my ass cutie…” Ever since we went to resort and I popped an X-Change Pill, I’ve been acting very up front and straight with you. How long until you tell me about your feelings? (RP)
Turns out that the supernatural things they say about the Appalachia are true, but not in a menacing way. We wandered into this part of the forest that just changes your gender. I had prepared psychologically to lose my dick, but not for these fat tits. Like, OMG! I wish I could keep'em!
I don’t know how you were so gullible, but I convinced you to wear this bodysuit for a day on my boat. I didn’t tell you that it was set to high sensitivity and sex drive as well personality feminization. And I certainly didn’t tell you that the sun would permanently bind the suit to your skin. (RP)
How could today get any worse, I accidentally pissed off my Uber driver who I found out was a witch, she turned me into a woman and to make things worse every single thing I try to drink thickens up and becomes a cup or cum, I’ve already had 3 cups and Don’t want anymore
I had swapped with a chic on the beach. Now I need to act like I've always been her, and her girlfriend is horny as fuck!
the body swap machine i built works in twos, which means i need someone else to swap into a body for it to work for me! who wants to join me in taking these two? you can get your pick! RP
After making a wish to have the perfect body, I was a little scared a first when i looked down and noticed i had boobs now. But after getting a good look at myself i can’t help but feel sexy, and im loving embracing the femininity. Maybe i should’ve been a women all along, cause im loving this body!
„Can you pick me up, pls?“ I texted my best friend. He asked me to pretend to be his gf for a family reunion. Stupid as I am, I agreed. He sent me to the swap clinic where he already had a profile saved for me. The staff asked me like ten times if I was sure, what extra features did he order?! (RP)
Who would like to swap?
Me and my sister swapped bodies to see how each others lives were, but we couldnt swap back! After a few months of fucking her shitty bf and pretending things were normal, id had enough, and went ahead and got with another guy! this made up for it all because he fucked me so good, and he was so big!
"I'll never let this school break me-" I began, before the headmistress pulled something up on the monitor. It was a slideshow, edited together to show how Star Quarterback Rex Jackson had become Headmistress Tiffany Tatas. "Now, you were saying?" she asked, checking her long pink nails. (LIT RP)
(A4A) I'm looking to play a fun little game~ The two of us will play one round of typeracer, a game where we both type out a passage and whoever types it out the fastest wins. The winner gets to breed the loser's favorite waifu in a fun little rp~
My friend was a circus performer amd showmen and one of his tricks was being able to catch anything on any part of his body. I decided to test him by seeing if he could catch liquids in mid air, after I changed his body to be mroe fitting of course (Rp)
While working in the college library, I found a strange book with unique symbols on the side. It was not the libraries book, so I put it in the lost and found. When I got to my room, I found it in my bag. I fell asleep reading it. I woke up looking lit this. (More in comments) (RP)
Like, dude it’s me! All I remember from last night is making fun of some bimbos and I woke up like this! No, I won’t send you a nude!! Just come over right now so we can figure out how I can change back!
Scientists discovered mental ‘links’ between people and if one person wanted they could inhabit and control the others body. Unfortunately, one of those links was my girlfriend and you, her stalker- now able to be her whenever you wanted.
It was still so strange feeling myself lose control of my body. After my brother's accident, the only way to save him was to put his mind in my body. So now we both share my body. Some days he's in control, some days I'm in control. Hopefully they'll find him a new body before I get too use to this.
Anyone want to chat about different swap fantasies?
Entitled teen influencers can be pretty annoying. They show up to your business and request free goods. Call the number P05-5355-0R and I'll make sure they treat you well. Just ask our happy customer below!(RP wanted DM me)
I had been living with my roommate for a long time. I knew how he was with girls and how he would treat them. I heard the moans and scream through the walls. He would go through a girl a month, never sticking around long. Then I was slipped a permanent exchange pill. (More in comments)
“Your saying you wouldn’t date a girl like this dude?” *i said texting my best friend in my new body I got through the new swap drug I had found myself addicted to. Little did I know it would make me loose my mind very rapidly…(rp wanted!)
We had been seeing each other for a few weeks, but I wouldn't spend the night, I tried one night and couldn't sleep at all. I've finally decided to let you in on my secret.. my weighted bodysuit. It's the only way I can sleep anymore. "It's modeled after me, it helps it feel natural... I'm so cozy"
Roleplay - "Dad!!" I screwm at you as I catch you playing with your new, fat, ebony pussy. you were cursed by a gypsy and turned into a black young chubby girl as punishment for your womanising ways, you "refused" to accept yourself until I caught you touching your chubby cunt
Two years ago I woke up female in a world where everyone thought I was a woman. My childhood sweetheart was now my childhood bestie. And yeah, I should be suspicious she's marrying a formerly jealous suitor. But my BFF needs her maid of honor, and I need to meet those handsome studs at the bar...
Like, dude it’s me! All I remember from last night is making fun of some bimbos and I woke up like this! No, I won’t send you a nude!! Just come over right now so we can figure out how I can change back!
When my little brother asked me to pick him up from soccer practice, I told him that I wouldn't and that I'm not some soccer mom. I guess that was poor choice of words, because I passed out for a second and now I'm picking up my loving *son* from his game in my mini van... (RP Wanted)
When my girlfriend said she wanted me her best friend to get to better, the last thing I though she'd do was turn me into a girl and send us on a night out together. At least Jess was great help picking an outfit, although I think the orange might stand out a bit, who knows how this night will go.
“Haha told you this would be so fun dude! I’m so wasted right now!” I yell over the loud music as I dance. Me and my best friend used a possession spell on our moms and took their bodies to the local late bar. (RP)
Entitled teen influencers can be pretty annoying. They show up to your business and request free goods. Call the number P05-5355-0R and I'll make sure they treat you well. Just ask our happy customer below!(RP wanted DM me)
After my car crash I thought I’d die in the hospital, but as I faded away a witch approached me in my final dream offering me a second chance,with a catch, I had to make up for the other life lost in the crash. As I said yes I fell asleep and woke up like this. I couldn’t be happier! (Rp wanted!)
I’d tried to negotiate with you, the hopper currently inside my girlfriend, suggesting you leave her after a day but this was your only reply. “Very mature, who are you anyway?” I ask
“Holy shit… I’m about to make you cum, Lily!” My voice says. This is awful, somehow my longtime stalker Mike got his hands on a Wave-Helmet. Basically, It can send his brain waves and signals to my body… eg, he’s possessing me! I can’t stop him, I don’t want to cuuuum~~!
In order to qualify for permanent transition, my son had to prove he'd first lived as a woman. His mom offered herself in a swap. But I'm the one he needs to satisfy that he's truly willing to experience being a woman
My gay bestfriend had been complaining for awhile that guys never wanted to hook up with him....so I dropped a permanent Xchange pill in his drink (rp in dms)
Me and my friend were big smokers and he was complaining one night about how hard it was to find smoker chicks. I felt the need to help him out, though probs not the way he wanted. I think he thought the change was just part of the weed. (Rp)
You were my best friend, working at a top secret lab on a top secret project- nanobots. These nanobots allowed you to change your physical form, any way you wanted, hence your form when I climbed into your car.
“I told you she was hiding something under those baggy clothes…” I text with a video attached. Swap Class had put me in the body of the quiet, nerdy , girl but I was determined to make the most of it.
I worked for a robotics company but when it closed down, we sold off our prototypes, including our personal projects… I had created a robot so advanced, it could change anything about itself, but i had only completed a arm, little did I know, that robot would somehow come back to haunt me. (RP)
It's time to make me your mommy
There was an extra credit assignment in school for my woman's studies class. You had to swap bodies with a classmate of the opposite gender. The men had to give their bodies a blowjob so they could feel what it was like. I don't see what the big deal was. That was the most fun I have ever had.
"I'll just walk out like this!" I took an X-change, but it was defective and was laced with Cat DNA. Having cat ears and a tail, you needed to sneak me home... but with how silly and bratty I was being it was tough. "Hey, can I pull my tail outta these jeans? It hurts!"
I'm so glad I paid extra for the ass expansion package from Reality Shifters. It was expensive, but feeling all the eyes on my brand new ass at the gym made it all worth it!
(discord) Looking for someone to swap and replace my ex. (See comments)
I was deep in a Valorant game when I noticed that I had somehow transformed into Pokimane! I got to figure out how this happened, but right now I'll have to try and finish the stream without raising suspicion... (RP Wanted)
Looking for a role play partner. I have lots a prompts that we could use and pick from, I’m just really in the mood to possess a female body. Anyone down?
Your wife Amy had gotten sick of her boring life as a wife and mother, so she went to the swap clinic for a legal swap. Now a young woman inhabited the body of your older wife, and she was doing a good job learning how to be Amy. This was still weird, and you were the only one who knew of the swap.
I told you my new body is so hot you won't be able to last.
my parents were sick of me partying all the time so they made me take a xchange pill and sent me off to a Christian school little did they know I could still be a naughty nun (rp wanted)
I used to be an aspiring scientist with a wife and young kids. But when life began to get stressful, I spent more time in my lab. I invented a machine that would make me 22 forever, but I had to be female, so I abandoned my family. That was almost 20 years ago, and I love this body. (RP)
Shake 'n Shift - Part Two
I had started to worry that my best friend was becoming too obsessed with Elden Ring, so I payed him a visit. As it turned out, I was right about the obsession... but not in the way I thought. Using a machine he built, he's pulled my soul from my body and trapped me in a doll replica of Ranni!
When my friend told me he was a body hopper I brushed him off, it sounded crazy! He said he’d prove it. Later I got a text from my sister with this pic and the message: “It’s me! I told you I could hop bodies. You should have told me your sister was so hot, I would have shown you sooner!”
„Help, a witch cursed me. She slightly changed a piece of my hair colour and every time someone notices, anything different about me, I change more until I’m fully female. I have to last 72 hours being fully transformed, otherwise I’ll be like this for ever! This is what I’m turning into!“ (RP)
You had developed a human-hybrid android and successfully uploaded your consciousness to it. You planned to sell this technology due to a primary feature: subtle suggestions given to the android would be believed as truth. For testing, you had turned that feature off…or so you thought. (Chat to RP)
“Sorry, it slipped out again. Could you help me with it?” “Ugh, you should really take care of these things yourself.”
Growing up, I've always been closer to my girl friends rather than my guy friends. Despite this, I've always felt a bit left out for being a guy. So, for my 21st birthday, the girls decided to make me a unique gift: a X-Change Pink Pill and a Girls Night together. (I'm in the one in the center) [RP]
I pissed off the wrong redhead. A new freckle appears every few minutes and for every new freckle I transformation more and more into a hot redheaded girl. Please Help!
My dad invented a reality altering device... well he didn't mean to. Before he could shut it down my sister and I went and messed with us, in a bright flash I found myself in a similar body to hers, but with one new feature. But where was she? Oh no you think she's somewhere became this dick!?
The new app was pretty similar to geo caching, the one issue was most of the time players were unwilling. You'd have your body stolen by another play and had to use a random body to find yours in 12 hours. I got stuck in this girl, but my body was almost 300 miles away!
An old woman was hitting on you, but you politely declined her advances. She set out to find a way to be with you. When walking down the street, you saw a beautiful woman waking in front of you. She suddenly froze, before walking with a sexy strut and hiking up her dress. “Wanna go out with me now?”
You have the raucous laughter of 5 girls as you begin to stir. “Wha….?” you murmur in a soft high pitch voice. You begin to recognise the faces - a mix of your exes and one night stands. What did they turn you into?!?
After my roommate rubbed the dust off a lamp he found he vanished and was replaced by a genie girl. I frantically wished for her to bring me to him and got sucked into the lamp with her. Turns out he got turned into the genie girl and now so have I. Atleast we're still roommates in this cramped lamp
What happened last night?! And would somebody please make those animals shut up?
My best friend had no one to go to prom with so he slipped me a gender swap pill! Now I have to go with him in this slutty dress if I want the reversal... I just can't get any cum in me or the change becomes permanent.
After I found out my sister had been dating my bully I decided I was gonna break them up as revenge, using a spell I found online I now possessed her but she was halfway through a picture session with him(RP)
I'd like to swap with your mom! Anyone interested?
I had started to worry that my best friend was becoming too obsessed with Elden Ring, so I payed him a visit. As it turned out, I was right about the obsession... but not in the way I thought. Using a machine he built, he's pulled my soul from my body and trapped me in a doll replica of Ranni!
Your girlfriend stood over you as she leaned you against the bed. That’s when you noticed something sliding out of her.
Hi, looking for someone to swap pics of their wife/girlfriend, message me with a dick pic for more. This is my girlfriend:
I had started to worry that my best friend was becoming too obsessed with Elden Ring, so I payed him a visit. As it turned out, I was right about the obsession... but not in the way I thought. Using a machine he built, he's pulled my soul from my body and trapped me in a doll replica of Ranni!
You and I were at Jake's place. When he left for the toilet, his sister came into the room. She told us, she wanted to get closer to Jake, but he never talked to her. So she had bought swap pills to swap with one of us and get to know Jake better. You were reluctant, but I decided to swap. (RP/DM)
It's not a secret that my gay best friend is into me. I tried to let him down easily when he asked me out at the gallery by telling him that I'd love to go out with him if he was a woman. Now I think about it, that was probably not the best thing to say to a body hopper...
Mom Swap
My mom wanted a new daughter and slipped an x-change pill into my dinner last night. Now my sister is having me try on her clothes for me to use even though she’s a lot skinnier than I am. (Looking to RP for the first time, DM me)
my sister had a date but her bestfriend was having a party so she turned me into a exact copy of her so I could go to the party for her (rp wanted)
New in town and I stumbled into the local bar during a monthly body swap night. [M4F]
(M4TF) You never really felt comfortable in your body. But i was there to help you go through life. Now we’re roommates, and you just got your top surgery. You wanted to surprise me, so you made me cover my eyes. When i uncover them, i see you with your new tits out. “Wow, they did a great job” (Rp)
By some miracle, your soul was able to return to earth after your untimely death. Which of these bodies do you choose to inhabit going forward? [RP wanted]
As much as your mother just stole my body and I’m a bit weirded out, it’s kinda fun being a woman. She said something about wanting to get closer to you to get a better understanding and rather than talking to you she just did this but you know I’m not complaining.
After the great shift there were many support groups that help people accept their new self. This was the final session where I had to blow another person and take his load. I have finally accepted my life as a girl.
I had found some medallion that allowed me to become whoever's clothes I put on. I was having fun pretending to be my maid when suddenly the medallion fell and slid through the ac vents. I need to get out of here before my parents see me... or worse the real maid. (RP)
me and my friend had a bet if I beat her boyfriend in a car race she would give me a grand but if her boyfriend won I would switch bodies with her. I losted and swapped bodies I don't think her boyfriend even knows plus why am I dressed like this (rp wanted)
Guys, it finally happened! The dragon cock totem finally found me worthy of womanhood and creamed me, thus sealing the spell. I was so frustrated at work that, on my lunch break, I came to jill in my car and, well, much to my surprise: it came in me and then I came and now I will never cum again!
"WHAT!" I asked, a shocked and almost betrayed expression. My friend had finally convinced me to come out after having the gender flu and being at the beach was hard enough. But now she told me we'd been invited to a huge lakeside party! "Come on dude, it'll be good for you" she insisted (Lit RP)
I was ashamed to admit it but I had to... I was cheating on her with a student from my college courses... of course she was furious and decided that if I liked her so much I would have to live with her... permanently. So here I am now... I am her and have to live with her parents... it's so awkward.
Wife Turns Into Kinky Co Worker
It was a weird Sunday your family called it weary Sunday as every Sunday you and you family find yourself in a different body you got a teenage girl who was taking a trip to France
About two weeks ago I randomly switch genders, I still have no idea how it happened. The only people I've told have been my family, and my best friend. As a way to cheer me up, my friend took me out to an expensive dinner. I thought it was to make me happy, but my friend had other plans...
Wendy liked to help people however she could. When a ghost asked to live again, she instantly invited it into her body. The ghost would change her life for the worse. ‘Wendy’ became a bad girl seemingly overnight. Wendy could only watch from her old eyes. The ghost knew this, and liked to taunt her.
You've died a year ago. It obviously sounds bad, but luckily your mind has lived on as a ghost! you flied around, fooled with people, scared people and most importantly spied on people! It was great, but now it's time to get back into the world of the living. who will you possess? (RP)
This guy had ran into me on the street, knocking me out. When I woke up- I found myself in an unfamiliar body. However, I looked at my Instagram and found this… we must’ve swapped. “What are you doing?” I message.
I'd only been at the party for 30 minutes before a sudden change comes over me. Of course, some asshole spiked my drink with X-Change. Luckily I'm able to find a bikini and keep the party going. This body does have a few advantages.
„Oh Stop whining and get in the pod. You agreed to the bet and lost, now you are going to be a hot chick for two weeks. A hot 5‘2 chick with dd tits and an ass to die for… and I haven’t even got to the advanced options yet… „ I regretted agreeing to this bet (RP)
When I got in too deep with the local crime boss, I hired a temporary body to swap into to hide. Just until the heat was off a bit. But the body seller sold me out. His men grabbed me and dragged be back to their HQ. The boss decided to make me work off my debt instead
You and your other freshman friends transfer into the bodies of these university housemates. Who do you take, and what's the first thing you all do in their bodies?
When I got home from work, I found my girlfriend dressed in the sexiest lingerie she owned. She told me she needed to make me cum for her to be mine forever. With a demand like that, how could I say no? It’s a shame I didn’t know she was possessed by my old stalker…
Last night a old man sold you an alien remote that can swap bodies copies someone else’s form transfer memories or swap them and even mind control you accidentally copied a random person and copied there memories now your struggling to figure out who you are
CelebSwap BodySwap Services!
“Check out my new ass-et! What do you think?!” I showed off to my best friend. I had decided to take a trip to the swap clinic after coming out as NonBinary, and ended up swapping out my entire lower body! “I think I made a good choice, do you?” (RP/AMA)
Sean's teacher was failing him and needed a way to bring his grades up. He found a possession spell and decided on blackmail. Luckily his friend had a crush on her and helped out, but when Sean looked at the tape he noticed her face was barely in it "Tim we gotta do it again. I need a better shot."
Your new body arrived,you didn't read the manual before doing the swap.Your old body without any soul, went to default mode,which was horny mode.It didn't had mind to think,so just grabbed you and started fucking you hard and rough all day until it didn't have enough energy &amp; passed out
When I sold my dick at the swap clinic I didn't realize how much it would change me. I tried going to the gym to compensate by bulking up but I couldn't gain any muscle, instead I just started getting a fat ass. even my personal trainer said to just embrace it.
The FOSE swapped me with my hot teacher, who insisted we carry on as each other in public, but you seem a little distracted in class when you see it from my perspective
A friend and I wanted to go to a club to party but because we don’t look 22 they wouldn’t let us in so we used a machine that could change our appearances and now we can go have a good time
As a competitive swimmer, second puberty was a total nightmare. Once I got diagnosed I was determined to remain a pro swimmer. Once my breasts started to grow, I put on a swimsuit and kept training. But my curves Doesnt make it easy... I also need a female trainer now (open rp\AMA)
You and your girlfriend were struggling for money, so she signed up to be a 'Hostess' at corporate parties... her first contract payed amazingly, and was for next the 15 years! It would pay your rent, and more... but then you realized she wasn't a party host... SHE WAS MY HOST! I had taken her over!
Hi i need help
Lightning struck right as I turned on my swap machine, making it mess with the bodies and minds of everyone in town! I'd try to fix it, but the new me doesn't know how to anymore... comment below to see what happened to you!
I had started to worry that my best friend was becoming too obsessed with Elden Ring, so I payed him a visit. As it turned out, I was right about the obsession... but not in the way I thought. Using a machine he built, he's pulled my soul from my body and trapped me in a doll replica of Ranni!
body swap with your mom
Everything seemed normal at home after me and my girlfriend went to the hypnosis show. But then out of nowhere she began to act like a guy that damn hypnotist messed with her and I don't know how to change her back but she loves her body. (RP)
Now that most people have accepted these are the end times, things have been pretty fun. You see, our planet passed through an estrogen cloud 13 yrs ago transforming everyone into a female and killing all samples from sperm banks. There was a lot of panic at first, but we’ve adapted. (RP/AMA)
My gf placed a curse on her panties, to punish her perv brother. However she forgot to tell me about it and after sleeping at her house with her already gone for work, I accidentally stepped on them and the magic turned me into a copy of her. I have to find her so she can undo the spell (rp)
[m4F]: 18+ A vessel for selfcest/twinning/cloning.
Before, the only way I could conceive experiencing pleasure was a constant race of holding back and restraint. Now, instead, it's a struggle of pushing myself over the edge and repeat. Sometimes it takes longer than others. Sometimes I get frustrated. But I always give all myself in to the pleasure!
„Can you at least pick me up?!“ I texted my best friend. He asked me to pretend to be his gf for a family reunion. Stupid as I am, I agreed. He sent me to the swap clinic where he already had a profile saved for me. The staff asked me like ten times if I was sure, what extra features did he order?!
[F4M] Taking over her life
I ran a failing body swap company, a week away from bankruptcy. What did I do? Hired a secretary! I emailed everyone saying they’d lost their job, transferred the remaining funds to myself swapped into her and am heading to the airport. How do I look? Spain here I come! Nothing can stop me now! (RP)
During a trip to the beach my girlfriend and I went into the water together and got knocked underwater by a wave, when we surfaced we found ourselves in eachother's bodies. "Babe come on! we have to try and do that again! as much as I love how you look I want my dick back!"
After I had finished my plan to reveal my stepsisters onlyfans to our parents I widdenly woke up in her body on the day of our parents wedding (more info in comments)
A strange storm brushed through your town, switching the bodies of everyone in it. You were fortunate enough to not get switched, but the same can’t be said for your girlfriend. She couldn’t stop shaking her ass…who, or what, could possibly be inside her body?
Today I woke up in my daughters boyfriends body and he in mine. Seems like the spell worked well. By the picture he had just posted I think he is fine in my body. Now I’m young and strong and he can be a milf.
“Your saying I have to get pregnant and have these tits milked daily?” I said looking at the smirking witch had just transformed me in to a young 19 year old girl though my tits were leaking? She said this was a virgins body, don’t you have to be pregnant to make milk? (Rp definitely wanted)
After the a freak magic accident I was completely embarrassed that I swapped with my aunt. But she didn't seem to care, and we kept it on the down low. I'm trying to play the part to her husband but it's getting pretty difficult, despite the fun vacation we're currently on I think he's on to me.
When me and my girlfriend went to this concert I knew it would be fun. She was having a really good time until she fell on the floor and began to shake. When she got up she began to speak in a southern accent ans she was surprised by her body. (RP)
“Oh hey I didn’t think I’d ever see you again dude, Uh… I can explain why I’m like this I swear, apparently when I was born a parasite took over my body and I was turned into a guy, just yesterday the parasite was taken out of my body and yeah it turned me into a woman”
I, a brunette lawyer went to pay a visit to the blonde receptionist at my boyfriend’s job at her apartment. She was trying to steal my man and it was working. We of course argued, but accidentally both got electrocuted, swapping our bodies.
„Look dude, WTF is that?“ „Looks like an old corset of sorts… this Place is creepy man“ „Yeah true… do you want to play a game? The looser has to put it on“ „No way!“ „Don’t be such a pussy…“ I thought a moment „Ok fine…“ I lost and now had to put on this weird corset in this abandoned house (RP)
While I've been away in college, I've been feeling homesick. I decided to give my little sister a call, until my phone electrocuted me. Everything went black and when I woke up I found my sister's boyfriend right infront me. Looks like they were in the middle of date night.
Being friends with a mad scientist isn’t all bad especially when they allow you to use a device that can allow you to take over someone’s body, I’m sure Margot won’t mind me keeping her body and turning the once famous actress into the most popular cam girl on the planet
My wife was planning on divorcing and taking everything she could from me. However, I’d hired you, a hopper to take her body and make sure she ends up with nothing- but now you’re sending me videos of her body while I’m at work.
This was supposed to just be a selfie so her parents didn’t get upset that she was with a guy, but when my best friend kissed me… I melted. So, I’m taking a pill to make this permanent. (Rp)
“What are you talking about? Swapped bodies? I don’t know what you are saying! You sound very crazy right now!” I lie after i swapped bodies with you. Trying to gaslight you into believing we never swapped bodies (rp)
[F2F][RP] When the FOSE hit, I was doing something shameful. I had been thinking about my mom. When I found myself in her body, I was full of shame. How was I going to explain this?
The witch promised me fame and fortune if I could last a week as a girl, but there are two catches: I can't refuse any request, and every time I get horny, I get dumber. This'll be easy!
Despite my Second Puberty, we decide to not cancel our holiday. So, today I went shopping for a new bikini, and decide to send you a pic, in part because I needed a second opinion, in part because I liked teasing you. I text you: "Do you like this one, or you prefer the blue one instead?"(RP)
(M4ApTF) "D-dude, did you really have to go ahead and make yourself that cute..." Your roommate would whine as he playfully pushed you onto the mattress, his eyes tracing your sultry curves~ It had been months since you've transitioned, and it seemed as if he couldn't hold himself back any longer~
After my sister stole my body and i was stuck in hers, i couldn’t control how horny this body was. the only thing i could think about was dick. it was too much for me to handle so i found my sister’s boyfriend, sucked his dick and let him fuck me! at least now i know why she stayed with this guy…
I was walking down the street when I felt a cut on my arm. A couple of weeks later, I saw an exact copy of myself streaming and reading. The cut on my arm must’ve been to create a clone skinsuit for yourself. What are you doing?” I comment in the chat
I was just on the phone with my soon to be ex...when my hand suddenly hangs up, forcibly hurling my phone across the room as I suddenly begin to grope myself! I can't stop it but this can't last for too much longer, can it?! (RP)
Adam was modeling his new purchase when his mom walked in. "Don't I look good? I wear Molly's body pretty well." A month ago the Great Shift hit placing him in his mother's friend's body. He smirked as he noticed the familiar bulge in her pants and motioned to it. "I'll take that as a yes."
"attention please! A problem with the campus swap device has occurred after lastnighs storm. all recorded swaps were lost, the autoswap return program will not engage, and your current body is considered your true body in any future swaps" the Resident hall director said to mixed reactions.
My BFF has been acting strange ever since I dumped that creep a few hours ago. She was angry, mumbling weird things like “the wrong person” and "close enough". The moment she saw me, she trapped me and began violating my body. I don’t know what’s gotten into her! I’m really scared
Hello! I am looking for someone who wants to swap bodies. Is anyone interested? This is what you get: (F20)
[F4M] Your Best friend, the one you've known since childhood woke up a female. While out yesterday he ate from a weird shack, the owner was a witch that put something in the food that turned him to the the shape of the girl of his dreams. He sent you this asking you to come over
Roleplay - "you've really gone and done it this time, why did I have to be the fat one" I say from my now, fat, middle aged, female body. A few short minutes ago, we were both young, muscular men until you insulted a witch in a bar.. cursing us to become middle aged women
Me and you had been best friends for years As an April fools joke you thought it would be funny to posses my sister and tease me, little did you know we’d already been fucking (rp)
my girlfriend was rich. like filthy rich, her father owned a massive tech company and she wanted to take over, but he didn't want a woman running the company, so she had one option, talk me into trading bodies with her so she can prove that she's man enough to run the place.
This is my hot aunt I have wanted to bang forever. She’s 36 and a mom of 5. Get as dirty as you want in the comments! She’s also a HighSchool English Teacher. I would so want to swap bodies with and get used like a slut in a gangbang!
I can't believe my roommate wished for an anime girlfriend; anime isn't real, he is such an idiot! Wait, why do I feel my chest getting bigger... (RP Wanted)
Blinking a few times, I realized I was sitting alone at the edge of her bed. I pulled the phone out of my pants, and the most recent message was from her son. It read, "I'll be home in a minute, need anything while I'm out?" I responded by pulling up my shirt and sending this. (ERP, send a chat!)
I was 18 when the neighbor exchanged our bodies without my permission "What is this body and why am I at the neighbor's!?" (RP)
This... is me. On the far left. I bet you're wondering how I got here. Well it's a long story but basically my sister found out I was being bullied, so she decided to help. Her way of helping was texting photos of me dressed up to my bully and telling them we had a date... and here I am!
It's been three years since the great shift. I was once an 18-year-old young man with a horrible future. Now I am getting married soon to a man who used to be my girlfriend.(RP)
I never thought that my mom was going to ever believe my sister when she told her that I have been possessing her body. Until today that is when she watched me take it over. Role play wanted
After ending up in this girls body for swap class, i realized just how much guys stare at my ass now, only problem is, i can’t help but stare right back at there dicks! I couldn’t help but be turned on by it so i’ve decided to embrace the slut in me, and invite them over! is it bad that i cant wait?
My ex and I had just broken up but I didn’t want her out of my life. Next best thing was stealing her body. I swapped into her using a spell that would forever bind me with her body once someone came in her, good thing I knew my best friend had a crush on her.
[F4A] Looking for an RP where I awake in the world of Mortal Kombat in the body of one of the female characters
My bodyswap experience has been strange. It was easy to settle into yo my new life, and since I could give myself a new identity, I became my sisters twin. Now, I get to make my first steps as the new me. (Rp)
[M4MtF]The great shift turned Dad into a sexy milf,brother into a cute teen.I was constantly getting hard around them.Then dad told me it's ok to have such urges,they are horny too they can use of the help of my hard dick to satisfy the needs of their new bodies.[Kik in comment]
"Shit, why are they here?" I was housesiting my friends house while they were on vacation with their family. I brought a magic idol with me that allowed me to turn into other people using their clothes. The problem is that I was enjoying a walk like their daughter when they arrived early (rp)
Charlotte was working hard to get her body in shape for the summer. She would get up early in the morning and jog. Two men spotted her, and unfortunately for Charlotte, one of them was a body hopper. Once the hopper entered her, he let his friend have his way with his new body.
“Ugh! Yami, your body is amazing~, how dare you hold it from me?” my voice mocked. I had no clue what was happening, I was just in class when a shiver went through my body. Against my will my body got up and went to the bathroom! I’m taking pictures and sending them to some number, help! (RP)
After going to bed last night, I woke up this morning to find myself in a different reality. My family is all the same, and I am still 25. Now I look like this and I am married to a rich guy that lets me do whatever I want. Do I figure out how to get back to my reality or stay here?
[F2F][RP] My mom was so desperate for grandkids that she did the unthinkable, she stole my body and ran off! I literally didn't hear from her for nearly nine months. And I already wish I hadn't heard anything from her!
[Question] For RP's, what method do you prefer to use to continue your stories, and why ?
My girlfriend was a witch and I was trying to get into her interests. One day she gave me a book and told me to learn how to read iI. One day I read something about two people swapping places but nothing happened. I walked out of my room and bumped into my mom and it felt like I fell into her. (DM)
"You didn't have to make them so big!" When I said I would let you transform me into a girl to make your ex jealous, I thought you were going make me a cute nerdy girl not some whore. Thankfully this is temporary, right? (RP Wanted)
My owner recently swapped with me! She complained about school and stuff so I’m dropping out now! I have lots of time to go and have fun with my new human body! 😸
“Thanks to these rare herbs I was finally able to make a possession potion! I’ve thoroughly enjoyed this weekend in my moms body! So much so that I’ve made another week long potion!” AMA
When I got too the house for my next food delivery the guy said I was a minute late and I wouldnt be getting a tip. I was abit ouraged and put alittle something in his pizza so he'd really lust after that tip. (Rp)
My dad was yelling at me because I didnt vacuum the house. He threatened to ground me for quite some time. Well, I didnt react too well too that and decided if he wanted vacuuming done so bad, he can be the vacuum. (Rp)
Time for a change
You’d recently discovered your ability to hop people and now you’d got a new obsession with peoples ‘hidden potential’, like taking the nerd here and turning her into the local slut.
My girlfriend had signed up for a new alternate reality game… SwapLife. The premise was a guy would possess her body and compete tasks for points- every level up would result in a body or mental modification. The contest had just begun- you needed that money.
Back in my day I was quite the tennis player. But with age and some injuries I could only be a coach nowadays. One of the girls had so much potential but was too distracted to become a real pro. That is when I decided to posses her and make her a champion. My new tennis career, as a girl this time!
I always wanted to know how my bully would steal my girlfriends I mean he was abusive towards them. so I decided to take a xchange pill and send him a snap (rp wanted)
Are there any guys who would like to try my body and maybe get pregnant with it? You can possess me or we can swap. I have a lot of horny followers so you'd have no shortage of attention!
only fans
Would you approve using body swapping with porn star as mandatory premarital sex education?
For my daughter’s 18th birthday, she told me she wanted a new body, so i took her to the swap clinic to get her a new one, but i wasn’t going to let her perfectly good body go to waste, so i took it for myself! after i got home i decided to check out my new body and i can’t believe how hot it is!
My cousin said she was struggling in college so I said I would help her get her grades up what I didn’t know is that she would switch our bodies
Our new coworker was telling us about her jealous Ex when suddenly there was a delivery to the office-an outfit. However, she went to the toilet to try them on and came out acting…strange, I caught up to her in the parking lot. Unfortunately, her ex had cursed the outfit to possess her.
"Miss Stevens, what's the meaning of this?" I asked, getting angry. This student was failing my class and came asking for a better grade at the last day, I refused so she swapped our bodies, planning on changing her grades herself (rp)
I had no clue what was going on… I had felt a pinch on my neck earlier and now my body was disobeying me. I was doing so much perverted stuff snd I had no choice as my body moved against my will. Little did I know my pervert classmate had put a control chip on my neck! He was possessing me! (RP)
I smirk and look down at my sister's hands, relishing in the utter dominance I had gained in our sibling rivalry. She's kicking and screaming in her own head you know, trapped in her own skin with her brother at the wheel. Shame she can't do much as I start to strip her down....
My rich friend invited me to his house for a big summer cookout. He never told me how much of a stunner his single mom was. When we all went to bed I couldn't help but rub one out to the thought of her... but something happened. The moment I came I found myself in her bed! Hopefully she's not awake.
My sister always wanted to be an influencer badly, but found many of her ideas failing. But her new experiment was to now transform me into a girl and do all the popular tiktok dances against my will... she said she won't change me back until we have 1 million followers!
I sat at the bar, bored out of my mind, I'd just got out of the swap clinic, finally ready to start my new life as a woman and these losers won't leave me alone! "Dude, I like women, thanks for the drink and all but unless you get some tits I'm not interested"
We were having a little trouble on our trip to Japan, mainly because we didn’t understand Japanese. My pal groaned in our hotel room, “I wish I just had a guide who knew Japanese.” A shooting star must have heard him because before suddenly I turned into Takako. “At least we can read the menus now”
Any good experiment requires testing. I had set up a program which allowed me to hack into streamers bodies using their headphones. Now, I was here, in the body of my favourite VTuber! Damn, she’s a hottie in real life! May as well rest out all her muscles, to make sure I’m truly in control…
Our new coworker was telling us about her jealous Ex when suddenly there was a delivery to the office-an outfit. However, she went to the toilet to try them on and came out acting…strange, I caught up to her in the parking lot. Unfortunately, her ex had cursed the outfit to possess her.
M4ApTF) "D-dude, did you really have to go ahead and make yourself that cute..." Your roommate would whine as he playfully pushed you onto the mattress, his eyes tracing your sultry curves~ It had been months since you've transitioned, and it seemed as if he couldn't hold himself back any longer~
“Come on, dude… it’s always while I’m gaming…” the Great shift has been hard, especially since my roommate came up with the free use rule. (Rp)
Charlotte was working hard to get her body in shape for the summer. She would get up early in the morning and jog. However, two men in the park spotted her, and unfortunately for Charlotte, one was a body hopper. He wasted no time hopping her, letting his friend have his way with her new body.
I'm new to this body that I made for myself using magic. Now I am extremely horny. DM if you want RP rn...
A week after you broke up with your girlfriend, you went out on a date with her best friend. Things were going well and she invited you back to her place. But the trap was set. She had laced your drink with an extra strong X-Change pill in revenge for her friend.
My sister (middle) and I got into an argument as to which of us had it easier,she got annoyed and swapped us now I have to pretend to be her around her friends and wear these ridiculously revealing and uncomfortable outfits.
Roleplay - You're a 20 year old, hunky, successful womaniser.... you were offered a free sample of soap from a weird looking lady you laughed as you read the label "for the mature women" you figured you'd try it out in the shower....
Aliens had taken over the world. Any sexual contact with them would turn you into one of them. They would take the form of Asian chicks. I was a survivor, but that would change as I watched you approach my doorstep (Rp)
One day the old man who taught my History class became outraged when I came into class with dyed hair and a tattoo saying he despised goths, and sent me too the principles office. Well, jokes on him cause with alittle magic I made him alittle more liberal with his rules and appearance. (Rp)
[F4A] Sister! Sister?
"Hey, Purrtrova, do you like what you see?" my robodog Fizz/my new owner asked me just after I made the best "errors" of my life in messing around with my swap remote, THEN, afterwards, post-swap, licking her vulva, making her cum and thus preventing a reversal. And the answer was simple: "Yes."
Swap Resort allows you to see world from different perspective. Here for example is John, 50 years old teacher, now in a body of a girl, the age of his students, learning about teens' urges first hand. Write about yourself in comments and I will find perfect body for you to better understand others.
Francine found herself getting possessed by a ghost. Her brother quickly found out, and attempted to exercise it from her body. However, the ghost offered to do whatever her brother wanted in order to keep its new body. Needless to say, Francine’s brother agreed to its terms.
Redirect Notice
I had sort of pissed off the wrong witch last night. I called her flat, a bimbo, bitchy... well wake up the next morning like this. My girlfriend tried to offer me clothes but look at this, her bra can't even handle half of my new tits! I need to find that witch ASAP...
After getting my new body i wanted to test it out. I tried a dildo but my ex-bestfriend (now boyfriend) offered to help.
“Dude chill, you act like you’ve never seen a girl in a swimsuit before!” I said to you as we left our hotel. We went on vacation for your birthday and as a gift I used a spell that turned myself into a girl for the duration of the stay. (Rp)
[RP/Chat]Your GF wanted to be bimbo,but you stopped her,telling surgery is costly&amp; she beautiful without it.It was costly so she asked me the local nerd,I used DIY science to swap her body with my favorite bimbo.For this she was grateful &amp; decided to be my slut and make you my cuck[Kik in comment]
It was just me and my mom and whatever guy she brought around. One day mom brought these fruits home for the guys she fucks, I always assumed they were like viagra or something and ate one. I Thought my dick would get bigger but it looks like it's shrinking. I hope nothing weird happens to me. (DM)
It's been a year since the great shift. I was once a 17 year old young man. Now I am a beautiful 28 year old woman. I am also engaged to my boyfriend who used to be my girlfriend.(RP)
(M4TM) You'd see your roommate's surprised expression as you non-chalantly revealed that you were trans~ "Hmm? Yeah dude, I have a pussy, what's the big dea- Oh~ Don't tell me you're turned on or something~" You'd tease before slowly pulling down on the hem of your shorts. "Hehe, wanna see it?"
I have just learned astral projection and has been practicing a lot recently. I hope no one decides to jump into my body while it’s empty.
I was at a house party when a guy said I didnt belong, that no girl wanted to be woth a nerd like me. Well, too bad i'd be able to prove him wrong, specifically by making him the most attrative women there, but also giving him a mild obsession with me. (Rp)
My friend’s mom Elisa has wished she could keep an eye on her son while she was on vacation and that wish was answered when she swapped with me! Honestly I’ve been enjoying my “vacation” so far, so much so I don’t particularly care if I ever get back to my old life. This one is way better anyway.
You never know how far away from your old life you’ll go when you trade places with your Swapping Soulmate. For example I ended on the other side of the world as the beautiful Sakura! My old self feels like a dream the longer I’m a Japanese woman.
I swapped bodies with my girlfriend, but may have gotten a little too excited to tease and how a half-dozen men have followed me home from the club.
My parents decided to sent my sister to a boarding school, she didn't want to go as the day it started was the same as her bf birthday. Our parents offered me 50 bucks to be turned into her using a spell and act like her for the first day of her school year (rp)
Exchange Island can do a lot to broaden your perspective of the world by letting you see it from someone else’s eyes. Brian here has spent a week living it up in Diya’s body. So much so that he wishes he could stay forever! Plan your vacation today.
Shake 'n Shift - Part One
Challenge was simple. We both swap and try to suck each other and see who can take it deeper. I swapped first and took it completely in. I was supposed to stand up and swap back but I decided to suck him more. While he didn't stopped me and enjoyed it so much that he quickly cummed in my mouth
“You can’t expect me to wear that!” I shouted at my mom. After an accident in my uncles lab my body slowly turned into a girls over the summer. Not wanting anyone to find out she enrolled me into a new school. But she also saw it as a chance to have the daughter she always wanted. (Rp)
“Babe something weird happened. I woke up this morning and had to pee, but found this big thing instead of my pussy!” My wife texted me as I was away on business (rp open in chat)
My dad found out I had a crush on the Goth chick in class and was pretty upset I didnt fall for a responsible, kind girl. He even called her telling her to leave me alone. Though i'm not quite sure what happened because when I woke up this girl was sucking me off saying it was my dad. (Rp)
I was out shopping when I catcalled some girl. Her Boyfriend immediately came over to threaten me of course. Well I later found him on his own and decided to work some magic, transforming him abit. Well, now he's catcalling me, and asking me too follow him. (Rp)
I was your boss, you were only an intern in the company and I treated you like shit, also I was about to fire you when you found a remote to alter mind and reality. So you turned me into your personal and slutty secretary. You are the boss now and seek for revenge..(RP)
My step mom always harassed me about keeping up with my college homework, about getting a job and getting a girlfriend. So to show her how hard it was I swapped with her and told her that if she could do all three in a week she could have her body back. (Rp in Dm)
I want to become your mom!
My girlfriend had a strange occurrence happen when she was in the womb. She was supposed to have a twin brother but something happened and now they both live in one body. The switch who's in control constantly it can be strange going on dates at times. (RP)
I was in a horrific accident that left only my mind still functioning. My body could not sustain life much longer and so my mind was transferred into the only viable vessel.. an experimental android body. The only compatible one was female and so I'm moving back home to my family while I get adapt
“You know, I wasn’t keen either but the wife insisted” I text my group chat with a photo attached. My daughters exams were coming up and truthfully, she would’ve never have passed so, my wife ordered I use possession pills and take her body.
I gulped when I looked down at myself. The spell was suppose to swap me with my son, so why was I suddenly in the body of his girlfriend's sister? Well, unbeknownst to me the two of them had secretly swapped weeks ago... and tonight is the night they planned to make it permanent.
Hey everyone, I recently went back and watched the scooby doo movie (we all know the one lol) and I had an interesting idea for an rp:
You met Sam at a bar and you were immediately attracted to him. Sadly he wasnt into guys and he kept talking to your friend.Your friend knew how much you liked him so she let you swap with her at the clinic.Now you look at him and smile thinking about how his cock will feel between your lips tonight
People on spring break have been stealing the bodies of hot looking mothers. Using them to party and at times completely hijack their body away from families. We were all on vacation my mother, father and my siblings. The hijacker’s were watching…who would jump into my moms body first…
He
New hires never read the fine print, My store is strict on dress code and if a new hire violates it 3 times in a row a manager was required to take their body for the remainder of their probation period. as the newest manager I was picked to take our latest hire Gwen.
One of my greatest fantasies was waking up with a girl in between my legs, blowing me. I thought today was the day, until I found my legs were a bit more feminine. I wouldn’t lie, I was confused at first, now I’m totally fine with it. But still, I need to find out where I am and who I am
I discovered my possession abilities and a creepy guy offered me money to possess this girl. Being broke I couldn’t refuse. I was scared at first as he wanted to do sexual stuff to me. However after spending the weekend being his slave I found I’ve got a new kink! Anyone else want to hire me? (RP)
"penny penny penny!" I knock on penny's door three times. I hope she's there, I really have to show her something. this machine will change everything (rp in dm)
“Oh come on now, this possession shit, it’s tacky. First few times it was fun, but give her back now” I say to my girlfriend- an obsessed professor kept possessing her and wouldn’t leave us alone.
A few months ago, something strange happened to my reality. Not only was I sent back in time, but I became a female version of myself. Time to “relive” my 25th birthday. (Rp)
I have some fucked up friends who thought it would be funny that whoever lost the bet would have to ride a big dildo. When I lost, I thought I would take a x-change to make it easier and less awkward, but I finished the punishment and now I can't change back! (RP Wanted)
[Penny and Sheldon body swap] I was working on a machine to better interpret other people's feelings but there was a bug and now Penny and I have swapped bodies! (rp wanted)
“You know, I was keen either but the wife insisted” I text my group chat with a photo attached. My daughters exams were coming up and truthfully, she would’ve never have passed so, my wife ordered I use possession pills and take her body.
I was an undercover cop but boss just told me I had to take a xchange pill and infiltrate a bikkie gang (rp wanted)
At least, that is, until I convinced her to finally do that permaswap with our shared Chihuahua, Fluffy, she wanted for so long; now, she, the TRUE Valencia, is my EVEN sexier girlfriend. Just look at her, she handles her now-vastly heightened mind, feelings, and body so well! I love her!
I was born into a family that was cursed that everyone on their 24th birthday turned into the opposite gender. it's been 4 years how and I still can't get used to being a girl
In this RP, you play the gay brother of my gf, by using the power to body switch you turn in my gfs body and try to have some fun with me while we are on a trip (M4A)
I prepped my sigils last night and performed all the correct rituals. Today I woke up as the petite blonde girl I always dreamed of becoming. I can't wait to sleep with all the guys that I want. DM for RP.
The magic knife I bought works perfectly. Now after wearing the Scarlett bodysuit continuously for the last month, I am bored of the suit and looking to sell it to someone for a cheap price.
“Father, you are to come here and fuck me this instant or you and your daughter will die!” As you can see, this is a shitty situation. My only daughter was attacked by a brain slug, and their one demand was to impregnate her. I hate the thought, but I can’t let her die. There’s always Plan B, right?
My neighbor was the perfect MILF with the perfect life. She was rich, fit, and popular with every guy in town. I have no idea why she would want to give it up to become a boring male college student, but when she offered to swap lives, I jumped at the chance! Her loss! Now it's time to hit the gym!
U lean against the wall, sweaty and exhausted, not yet noticing that your body is changing! You might have been a star athlete but man were u dump &amp; cocky. So dumb and that u bet u could beat me without knowing what u were wagering. U wagered ur manhood and lost!
my bully had sent me this snap I started freaking out I casted a spell to switch bodies with him but missed and hit my drunk sister (rp wanted)
I was a typical gym douche but when the great shift put me into a females body I had to start training again but this time I work on different body parts (rp wanted)
The extreme shift, one where space and time can be shifted and which hit more than 40% of the population, scattered everyone amongst the different verses. I ended up in the MHA world, having to adjust at a quicker pace in order to keep up with my new calling as a hero.
“..holy fuck is that really me for a week!” I had signed up for exchange island and wrote down I wanted to be beautiful on the forms, turns out even though Demi had everything going for her, deep down she had a massive kink for deflowering virgins inside her body.. “..wait, is someone at the door?”
Our family is very strict so when my sister told our dad she was going to a college house party my dad took drastic measures and possessed her to make she doesn’t get into any trouble and I’m being dragged along to the party
Being a Latina in a predominantly white school is hard. One day, I had enough. I told off a bigoted white guy in my class. He sprayed something in my face and ran away. Little did I know he had sprayed me with nanobots, allowing him to possess me! Now he’s in my body doing so much weird stuff! (RP)
When my school had the Exhange swap class I was excited to be in another country. I didn't expect to be paired with a German chick. and now I gotta fly back because she died in my body. this was only supposed to be for a semester!
I’ve always had a crush on Marie I mean who wouldn’t she had the most perfect body in the whole school it’s a shame she already had a boyfriend I said to myself as I fell asleep but when I woke up I felt a strange weight on my chest and I looked in horror at the mirror to see I was in Marie’s body
"Dude, your aunt has such a rocking body!" I texted excitedly. Your aunt needed a body double for her work and being your best friend I leapt at the chance. "like I have no clue how I didn't see how nice her tits were?"
My boss unfairly fired me last week so as revenge I used an astral projection spell to possess her, but missed the target and ended up in the body of her horny stepdaughter. When I possessed her my boss came into her room with only a sexy pink underwear! maybe I can take advantage of this~
“Dude! It worked!“ I sent you a photo of Addison Rae. “Come over right now! This is so cool!” We always tried to figure out how to posses people and now we finally figured it out. “I’m a girl now! This is awesome!” Being Addison Rae will be fun!
“Dude get the hell up, remember that note that I got that said I’m not meant to be a man because I was too bitchy, well I woke up this morning like this” I stand at the edge of your bed in my new female body “you need to help me I don’t know what the hell im supposed to do”
You’d been my best friend since school and now you were a CEO of a strange tech company. However, you got a prototype of your newest invention- a possession headset, allowing you to take the new girl’s body home for the weekend and send me strange videos. “I think you’ve got the wrong number” I text
My brother told me if I didn’t win this basketball game for him vs this guy he would lose everything, I didn’t know why he didn’t just play himself I mean he was on varsity, anyway I lost and turns out the guy was a wizard that my brother made a bet with and well now he’ll probably never play again
the neighborhood was in alert by a pervert who use calls to possess girls. Abby never took any call from strangers, until her little brother called over and over again that she picked up worried, only to lose control over her body. The pervert was no other than her little brother.
I’d bought a VR headset with the intention of having fun but after the great hack allowed people to use it to hijack and control my body- I’ve not been alone in my head for 6 months as perverts and nerd used me relentlessly. “What the fuck are you doing?” I scream in my subconscious.
I sat there, glaring at my former male body as it rubbed its hairy arms. I swapped with this passenger because she was uptight but was hot. It was a temporary swap and I expected her to freak out but she remained calm. I stare at her as she moves around awkwardly, damn her body’s hot..(RP Wanted)
“Babe something weird happened. I woke up to pee this morning and I have a dick!! Someone took my pussy” my wife texted me as I was away on a business trip (rp in chat)
Our small appartement was forever changed with the Slut Flu. Derek and I became girls, while Lindsay became a guy. I thought it would be so easy to wait out the illness and recover. But being locked up together made that difficult. I could barely control myself, and I had to fuck both my friends
I had a secret condition where I turned into people by wearing their clothes. I kept it secret even from my gf, I was taking a shower at her house when I hear the bathroom door open so I grabbed the first thing I touched, turned out to be her sisters top (rp)
come give me a spanking
My best friend was complaining how she wanted to break up with her boyfriend, but he just booked them a 3 week trip around Europe and she didn’t wanna seem like a bitch. I told her I wish there was a way for me to help. I woke up the next morning in her room seeing a note by the bed. (Rp)
Legitimate question!
(M4MTF) Today was the day my girlfriend and I were going to college. But for some reason, you and her swapped bodies. Confused, you saw her text from your old phone that said “Have fun with that loser” you know she wasn’t Loyal, maybe you can. I then knock on your new front door. (Long term rp)
You’d not met your sales target for the month and as per your contract- your manager had to possess your body to get your numbers back up. “You know, I’ve never had to do this with a woman before-you’ll still be conscious” I say, entering into the companies possession website.
Dude remember that guy that used to bully everyone in high school, well this is him now, he’s a girl and a very slutty one at that, with help of my new magic wand of course, look he even wears makeup and moans like a slut
You were a hopper, on the run from your own special task force, designed to track you down. However, your latest mount’s car broke down in the middle of nowhere with no one to help until I pulled up. “Hey, you okay?” I ask.
Son’s girlfriend body swap
A while back, something happened to my reality. I was sent back in time, and changed to the female version of myself. After getting used to it all, I now get to ‘relive’ my 25th birthday. (Rp)
One day I was just chilling, then I got a call from my girlfriend and she broke up with me, I was heartbroken. A few minutes later I got a notification on my phone talking about getting a better, happier life so I opened it. The next morning I woke up in this body, barely remembering who I am (RP)
My mother was always envious of me having gone to college and getting a degree. She had me young so she was never able to go herself. This year she decided to make her dream come true. Using a spell she possessed Ashley, the queen b of the school. She even wants to go to several parties as her!
I had been looking forward to swap island. I was an overweight 25 year old guy and figured on one hand, I could be a more in shape guy or on the other hand, I might be a hot girl for a week. Based on stories, I figured I’d lose my virginity one way or another. But I got my stepsister’s body. (RP)
My mom was a total health nut now she heard about this procedure that would have give her the body of a 20 year old, all she had to do was sit in a tub of stem cells while a young relative wore her skin. As her son I was stuck in intense surgery to fit into her skin. "thanks for picking me up dad."
[RP][M4MtF]You were a typical nerdy boy that no girls ever date &amp; boys make fun of. Luckily one of your DnD friend found a real body mod spell within the game.But unexpectedly it turned you into a sexy DnD girl character.Only way you could reverse it is by fucking the spell caster[Kik in comment]
"Bro, what's that gloss all about, what does it have to do with the girl I am s- Oh my...!" Trying it on, your body shifted and reshaped in a few seconds, in the crush I am dating. You look at me, confident, exposing the truth.
I was supposed to pick up my girlfriend after a party from work she went to. Clearly she was intoxicated but she seemed off in other ways, the way she looked and me, moved and kept looking down at her own chest. What kind of party was this anyways??
I couldn’t believe it… I used to be the toughest guy… but now… what am I going to do like this? Now, even the guy I bullied was tougher than me. I have a lot of making up to do. (Wholesome rp)
I Told You I Could Easily Change My Body To How I Wanted With A Press Of A Button. I’m Genius. This Remote Is Perfect.
After discovering possession pills, I always wanted more- new bodies and new experiences. However, I might’ve gone too far this time, possessing my boss’ daughter with the intention of impressing my coworkers. “Hey boys!” I message with some photos.
“Dude it’s me! Yes I know what I look like.. listen Last night I made a wish, I wished I was hot! But I guess you have to be specific with these things ‘cuz it turned me into this gorgeous woman!” (Open RP)
As a track star I was going into the prime of my athleticism at age 25 or thats what I thought before finding out my familys curse, instead of being at my physical peak I was going to join many other men in my family who swap genders at 25 and the women in my family werent know for there athleticism
Most athletes got endorsement deals that helped with there performance but not me, I signed a deal worth 2 million dollars and all I had to do is take a pill during the season and show how it affected my game, its now been a couple of months and I’ve been dropped from the team because of “poor play”
4 guys bullied you every day of your life, now in college dating a cute witch. You walk into a restroom you see your bullies, “You think you can move away to college &amp; get free of us?” You text me “my bullies are here, help!” A moment later 4 giggling blondes. I reply “Now they’re bimbo sex slaves”
When my friend decided to take swap class I was shocked, but he told me it was an easy A. I told him to not tell me who he swapped with but at lunch time just sit at our table. When Jessica the head cheerleader came and sit down I was shocked. Dude is that you. (RP)
You wished to get swapped into a sexy blonde and got your wish. Not being able to move anything below your neck wasn't exactly what you wanted though. (RP)
My buddy got hit with the Swap Flu, and while it's not very contagious, it's 100% irreversible. He said he needed practice if he was ever gonna get a boyfriend. Who am I to say no to helping a friend?
The selfie swap - Using only selfie pictures, how much can we change that girl's body ? Feel free to swap her with someone else as much as you want ! I want to see how far we can go !
When I told my wife women had weirder kinks than men she just laughed at me, saying she knew for a fact I had weirder kinks than any girl she knew. to prove her point she cast a spell on me so when I went hanging out with the guys I turned into my secret kink, Clown girls. "No dude, they don't honk"
Spending a night in a haunt house might change you permanently inside and out.
Your mom has accidentally swapped the body with you and the only way back is sex but that, they will tell you anything and plays dumb (rp in dm)
your mom accidentally swapped bodies with you, she meant to swap bodies with someone else. the only way is sex back. because it's embarrassing she doesn't tell you about it and plays dumb looking for a way to do it unnoticed. (rp in dm)
I was watching a show on TV with my mom when there were some pretty busty girls. my mom and i disagreed, she thought the girls were slutty. the next morning i looked just like one of the girls, the worst thing is my dad is acting weird towards me. (rp in dm)
M4F I'm new in town and stumbled into the local bar during swap night
[Confessional] I'd love to hear your body swap ideas that you haven't posted here yet or are thinking about. everything is possible! no matter if you want to swap with elves or a giraffe hahah
Michael was a lucid dreamer. He often found himself able to float around and do whatever. However, one night he found himself in his sisters body. Thinking it was a dream he went a bit nuts. Little did he know he was actually astral projecting! His sister was aware in her head, horrified! (RP)
With a fire taking place at NeuroCo headquarters, much of the technology was lost. This meant that they were paying top dollar to be a tester of their new products. I decided to sign up to afford college. What a mistake! Now some pervert is commanding my body, and I can’t stop them! Help! (RP)
After a work accident, you got told you'd 'Need to take care of me for a while', my company offered to pay... it was all very secretive until I arrived home, 5'2 tall, petite and pretty... and a woman. "They had to swap my body to keep me alive... this was the only one free for me..."
My aunt has always been the wild and adventurous one in the family. When the Swap Clinic came to town, she asked me to try it out with her. Two months, over summer. She said all I'd have to do is pretend to be her and she'd pay me before college classes started back up. Of course I agreed! (RP)
“Dude! I finally possessed her!” I called you from Addison Rae’s phone. I finally figured out how to posses people. “Im a chick now!” Being Addison Rae will be fun!
There’s something in the water! It was all over the news. A huge amount of x change pills had leaked into the water system and was causing havoc. Unfortunately I was blissfully unaware as I took my morning shower.. wait what’s this feeling on my chest?! (RP)
A friend offered to make me busty to fulfill a fantasy of mine, I never could’ve guessed he’d full on feminize me into a blonde bimbo after months of hypno and TF, nobody believes me when I tell them it me 😅😅no idea what I’m going to do
My job was simple, replace the daughter of a rivalling CEO for a while and spy on him. My boss expected results but it would take a while longer than expected. Atleast that is what I told them after I started to enjoy the life as a spoiled brat. Maybe if I send some nudes to my boss he will be happy
I like to check in on my body and mind modification device test subjects from time to time. Larry and Carl were my worst bullies in high school - it's nice to see that Lori and Carla are still good friends. Both married, both soon to be mommies! Another happy ending, don't you think?
I will roleplay (basically) any scenario for however long you want
The last mistake I ever made as a man was telling my then-girlfriend that "I wear the pants." Now, not only do I most definitely wear the panties, pants make my legs itch uncontrollably. It's nothing but skirts and dresses for me now.
No girl ever wants to see a picture if your dick. That’s where I come in. My name is Unsolicited, I’m a bit of a trickster spirit. Whenever a girl actually doesn’t block you when you send her a pic, it’s because I possessed her. A single image, a single possession, and 3 lives are ruined.
Always be specific when making wishes with genies. I wished my boss would pay more attention to me, thinking that it was a simple wish that wasn't too grandiose. Well, now I'm his wife. There are far worse things than being married to a billionaire. But there's a lot I miss about being a man.
Transforming my bully into a sex crazed cumslut seemed like a good idea in theory, but now I realize it's such a commitment! This is 6th time I've came today and I think he wants more! (RP Wanted)
I always see people talking about Pokimane, how cute or hot she is. I decided I'd possess her and see what it's like and how people would treat me. I was already a woman, but she is definitely a lot thicker than my original body... These thighs and hips will take a while to get used to!
Everything was going great at the wedding, we were heading to the after party now. When we walked inside some weird light flashed and it seems like everyone except me has swapped. Oh no I need to find out who's in my wife's body. (RP)
College really wasn't working out for me, so I figured I should try out the swap clinic for a whole new life. Turns out my father really has a thing for the new me, and I'm kinda considering asking him out on a date! (Message for rp)
At 23 I was the proud owner of my own house. But the realtor didn't mention the place was cursed. Apparently a young woman died in the 70s, while masturbating. Now the owner turns into her after a day indoors. I call it the horny shed, cause once transformed all you want is to get naked and jill!
"Sis it was a accident i swear, i didnt relise" I tried explaining. Me and my step sis had swapped bodies for the week so i could do her exams for her and whilst in her body i decided to visit a glory hole and accidently got creampied and now we are trapped in each others bodies permantly (Rp)
"uhhh can you stop looking at my tits" I called out to the guy across the room looking at my new tit, north Korea had been testing lots of new chemical weapons, on being where they can swap someone's mind and im now stuck as my sister and that's not even the worst part(RP)
Got knocked out at a club. Woke up in this body but couldn’t explain before they stuffed my new panties in my mouth and started using me
I picked up a new device called a hologram patch recently. You just slap it on your skin and for the next 24 hours you’ll like whatever form it came loaded with. I should’ve read the instructions more carefully however, as it seems water can really mess them up…
When I decided to upload my mind to an android body the company I hired used special software to scan my brain and determine the best body for me. Surprisingly it picked a female form! I was shocked at first but after living as my new robotic self for a while I understand it was right.
“Sis! Stop it no more pictures! Like it’s cool that you asked me to come on vacation with you but, did you have to turn me into a girl for it as well? All the guys keep looking at me and why do you keep trying to hook me up with one?” (Rp)
this just felt right :D
Yesterday my mother lost her job and I promised her that I would help her find a new one. I was going to just look for jobs online, but today I woke up in her body.(RP)
Give me a JOI as Pokimane
Things were bad for everyone when the great shift hit. For me and my new friend however, that was untrue. We landed in the bodies of these two girls, and met when we saw the other playing with their new form. After that, we fled the chaos out in the streets for a more private setting…
I had swapped with my step sister just to see what her life is like and now I can't stop taking pics like these exposing my pretty pussy. I'm so horny too bad my gf is out of town
Due to my size, it wasn’t the biggest suprise when my chest started growing and found out i was going to have a second puberty. Now that i’ve fully become a girl i’ve started exploring my body, and i gotta admit, it’s pretty fun as a girl. I didn’t this body could get this horny!
"Yeah dude whatever, sure you got bigger tits in the Shift but look at this! I'm so fucking cute! They better not find a way to reverse this!" I said with a happy jiggle. Before the shift I was a massive biker, but now? I'm a petite 5'2 girly chick
My wife was getting sick of how much I objectified her, I guess I pushed a bit too far when I said girls only looked good in jeans when she couldn't get them over her ass. She got these cursed jeans for me and when I put them on I felt my body inflate and morph into a chick who couldn't wear jeans!
I’d been speaking to my therapist about getting closer to my daughter- I didn’t even know what her hobbies were or who she spoke to. However, he offered me a revolutionary possession treatment, I closed my eyes on his couch and woke up in her room. (RP)
Anyone want to trade?
Tired of not getting promotions at my banking job, I planned to possess my boss to help get one. The enchantress must have misunderstood and only heard me wanting a "big bank" - now I'm my boss's teenage daughter with a passion for tik tok. Maybe Only Fans will give me enough money to change back...
Roleplay - I read the weird passage from the book we found "youthus et Chunkus" suddenly your body begins to smoke and swell, your shirt rips open and you age 20 years.. after a few minutes, you look down and scream and you've been accidentally turned into an overweight middle aged woman
I was at a party when I overheard some guy pressuring girls into doing stuff out in the open. He didnt see anything wrong with it. I decided to show him what was wrong with it by warping his form and his interests, though I fucked it up because he's all too happy to do it infront of others (Rp)
My wife wanted me to pay a workout swapper to come and workout her body for her. I said she didn't need it but she wanted it so I paid for it. It was the swappers final day and he was in the process of swapping back. Something went wrong though because one of the other swappers ended up as her. (RP)
[F2F][RP] I was getting desperate for grandchildren. My daughter said she had no interest in having kids... but I wasn't having any of that. I used a swap spell on the two of us. If she won't give me grandkids, I'll just have to do it myself...
“Dude, I think you’ve had enough swimming for today.” I roll my eyes, what a buzzkill. “Hey, if you tried the water, you’d love it too. I think my ass just got a little bigger too.” Lake Eros is where all the discharge from the Venus corporation goes, and it’s full of hormones and x-change formula
“Leave me alone alright, I don’t feel like doing anything right now” in the middle of a beach day I got stung by a TG jelly fish and didn’t feel like doing anything anymore “sis I already told you I’m just not feeling too well, you can stay with me here but I just don’t want to go out”
"Okay, fine, Samantha. You caught me. I'm not really Becky. I'm her father. We swapped, but her other friends don't need to know... right?" (RP)
I’ve been seeing this girl at the local coffee shop for months now. I finally got the courage to ask her out. After a night of drinking we went back to here place. But when I woke up this morning I was here and my body was nowhere to be found.
Not 3 weeks before, Larry had moved with his girlfriend Ela to their new house, a total bargain! Little did they know that the place was haunted by the spirit of a young woman, who had mysteriously died in the tub not five decades ago, possessed Larry, and somehow transformed him into her likeness.
My second puberty hit right before we were locked down together for weeks, and, well, it didn’t take long for you to convince me to use my new body to relieve some of your stress…
After I became Hailee, it wasn’t long til the luxury lifestyle I had inhabited was taken from me and given back to her (in my body), needing a place to stay, you my friend offered a place, as we was talking over the rent, my smile faded when you suggested I lay in sexual favours
Our parents were having a dinner party downstairs and we were in my room. We had planned it for a while and when I went downstairs when no one was looking a dropped a “posses-em” pill in our moms drinks. (RP)
I was shocked when I finally found my mother who put me up for adoption. She was a Columbian camwhore and escort with huge tits! I contacted her but she didn't want anything to do with me. I was heartbroken until my best friend told me he could swap bodies with her and fly her over to America!
After the FOSE hit and i ended up in this girl i liked, i figured i had nothing to lose and let this guy fuck me. And holy shit, after that experience i cant believe i havent tried dick sooner, it felt so good letting him fuck me, and making him cum on my face TWICE was so hot! I cant wait for more!
Housewife
Father/daughter swap
My friend wanted to be a professional dancer, but he just wasnt cutting it with his style of dance. I decided to help him out by giving him a dancing style and body that would help him get ahead. And well, he likes to practice on me, quite abit. He'll make an amazing exotic dancer! (Rp)
My girlfriend and I were heading to vacation, during the flight over i head off, when i came back she started acting totally different "Pull your shirt down" i say sitting down with her, pulling it down "what's gotten into you", Unbeknownst to me, my girlfriend had gotten hopped.
for everyone who thought that the great shift was irreversible, you were wrong! after the shift I spend a year in my brothers body... but i felt a weird flash. when I opened my eyes, i felt long here and some chest. opened my cam and saw the old me!! (open rp-AMA)
Times were tough and after my fiancé and I had been made redundant, the only option we had was to offer her out for possession. Normally, super-rich, old men pay large amounts of money to be young again and our customer was due into her any second.
Johnny always was mad at his sister, Brittany . Whether it was over grades, attention, or just over anything he was always mad at Brittany. He always thought her life was easier. So Johnny thought why not BECOME Brittany? Johnny made a possession machine and now he was inside his sister. (Rp wanted)
Any confident bisexual guys want to possess her body for me? I need to take out some sexual frustration on that ass!
Hannah went out for a run. What she didn’t know was that she cut straight through possessor’s path, a place where all sorts of spirits gathered. As Hannah ran, a ghost entered her body, pushing her out. Now the ghost gets to enjoy life again, and Hannah has no choice but to watch her body have fun.
I was a professional swapper who got hired by actors when they wanted a break. One day when I swapped with Elizabeth Olsen, she was killed in a accident which meant I was left in her body. Having no choice I had to continue her life as her (RP).
Wow this new VR game is so immersive! After playing for a while I actually started to feel like the character I picked. I can feel my breasts jiggle with my movements! I gotta show this to my dad, he’ll think it’s awesome!
The shift had put me into this scrawny 5,2 girl.I had been a big gym nut and was just trying to get back into it.It’s really frustrating that I can hardly lift a 1/4 of what I used to be able too but hey we all need to start somewhere I guess.
Getting back to your senses, you find yourself in a completely different place, body and country. If you want to get back your own life, you'll need to come and get it back yourself. Or... you can just adapt to your new one, what would you do ? (Let's RP in chats)
My friend had a app that can change anyone, unfortunately he turned me into a girl, he said he’ll turn me back if I suck his dick, I reluctantly agreed but he face fucked and than came in my mouth, this is so gross
Nicole had no idea she had booked a vacation to an exchange island. As soon as she stepped out of the plane she saw she was in the body of a male. Later that day she went out to the beach wondering around until she finally saw her body in a laced bikini. Whoever was in there was no afraid to expose
My step son was a rude, annoying and lazy idiot who spent all his time on his computer, well that was until I slipped a pill into his drink, he’s now a obedient, hard working and sweet girl who has a ridiculously high libido, I decided to reward him for doing the dishes by taking his virginity
(MTF4A) My idea is what if when ever Bruce Banner turns into the hulk, he turns into she hulk instead. When he turns back, he’s normal Bruce. I hope this sounds interesting. Lmk who you’re playing as. Dm me!
Join the 🤤𝕳𝖔𝖙 𝕳𝖚𝖇🤤 Discord Server!
Every guy could use more road head in their life :)
My step dad and I never really got along. One day he sat me down and said he saw how much i liked valkyrae, he put a bottle of something on the table and said if I take it my life will change forever, but so will his, as i looked at the bottle and then at him I saw hunger in his eyes
When I downloaded the SwApp, I was oblivious to the sheer number of hot milfs that are on the look for young men. Last night I swapped with Alicia and after being railed by her hubby, I couldn't help it but to just lay there contemplating her wonderfully sensitive tits as my fat crotch oozed with c-
Me and my wife had decided to go on vacation to exchange island.She ended up as a man I ended up as a woman she’s making me dress more “lady like” which isn’t fun.But hey it’s a lovely beach.
I was going into Hot Topic to get some new band shorts when my friend loduly proclaimed. "God Goth is so ugly, especially the women." The lady behind the counter didnt take it well. When I went too the changing room, a few minutes passed by and a goth girl wearing my friends clothes snuck in (Rp)
“How do I look? I don’t really know what the kids wear” I ask, my friends had bought me a SwapApp experience for a week and I’d just redeemed it, going from Banker to Bimbo.
My sister was caught smoking so my parents swapped us,She’s pouting around in my body while I get to do what I want in her’s wearing a dress is weird but I guess I have to look presentable.
I swear my friends are perverts. ever since the great shift put me in this body I've been made to wear outfits like this and I'm horny all the time. any one wanna help a gal out?
A group of college kids my age had befriended me while on vacation and insisted I join them for all their summer fun. What they didn't know? I used to be a guy and was staying at the hotel while being treated for the Gender Flu. But I couldn't say no to them, so now we're about to head out. (LIT EP)
(M4ApTF) You'd let out a smirk as you looked up and caught your roommate staring at your new, perfectly shaped tits~ You had recently gotten top surgery, and oh boy did the doctors know what they were doing! "He he~ Dude, if you want to play with my tits, just ask~" You'd tease, pulling on your top~
Ever since I made that wish, I’ve been having trouble with this girl… she looks like Elizabeth Olsen… and sounds like her, but it a complete slut! She thinks she’s a demon that was hired to be my girlfriend? But I don’t believe it… maybe she’s just too much like her character. (RP)
After losing our bet, I had to become a girl of your choosing for an entire week. Being the perv that you are, you chose one of your ditsy students and made me dress up for you. (Rp)
“I told you it’s a lot harder than it looks.” Seeing how much effort you put in it with that cute smile. I know you are going to get a lot better
Everyone at school heard you got the gender flu before summer started. On the first day back it was the only thing everyone could talk about. I guess I was curious and was looking for any way to get closer to you. It was luck when our science teacher paired us up for the class project. (Rp)
After my mom stole my swap remote, she immediately switched bodies and quickly ran out of the house. "Stay in this old body for now, I'm going to have fun with your girlfriend."(RP)
When the FOSE hit everyone's kinks were on full display, as a good Christian man I couldn't resist how taboo these e girls were. Now I'm stuck as this belle delphine chick. How am I supposed to face my family like this?
(M4A) "Good, just like that~ Perfect!" I'd tease before taking a picture of the two, gorgeous "women" eagerly swapping my cum between them~ Sure they were really a couple house elves that I fed polyjuice potions to, but as long as they don't talk or make a sound, they're pretty much the real deal!
Upvote and you might just get a surprise in your dms
Roleplay - I can't believe I was doing this, you, my hunky, young beat friend Cursed to spend the rest of his days in the body of a chubby middle aged woman unless he gets a guy to cum in him!!
Roleplay - You were the chief of police, 66 years old and a week away from retirement..until a criminal threw a chemical at you, turning you into a young woman...I sit in your office as you scold me for allowing it to happen to you, ruining your retirement and being a bad cop
for everyone who thought the great shift was irreversible, you were wrong! after the shift I spend a long year in my brothers body. but when I felt a flash, I opened my eyes and saw hair and felt something on my chest. opened the cam and saw this!! the old me! (open rp-AMA)
Roleplay - the witch laughs as the smoke clears and I scream looking at you "son? whats wrong?" you say from your new chubby young body, completely unaware what's happened. "Dad?!" i reply "yeah son? what's that bitch talking about, come on let's finish our beers"
Roleplay - a gypsy overheard you speaking like shit to a female co worker of yours...she giggled as she clocked her fingers....you passed out and woke up in a prostitutes body with your own head! you scream as the man cums on your new tits, he screams too as the beautiful face is now replaced
Roleplay &amp; Fantasy- Simple! I wanted to be her for such a long time… the way her lips are so plump and her hair is so long! It’s unfair not being born to what you want to be… make me her I beg you… I’ll do anything Master.
(RP) After working extremely hard for years, I was finally a multi-millionaire. But now I needed a wife. I talked it over with you, and eventually convinced you to take the pills that would change you into a gorgeous woman.
"uhh can you stop looking at my tits" I called out to the guy across the room, north Korea launched 2 chemical weapons at my town, the first one swapped the minds of everyone into different people so now I've got to live as my big titty sister, the second was much worse(RP)
My friend was lonely very lonely.Well he decided he didn’t want to be lonely anymore.He drugged me with an X-Change and said he’d give me the reversal if I do everything he say’s.
"George, have you seen the news? These postmodernist neomarxist ideologues want to turn every men into women! Nixon's gotta do something about it!" wailed Martha while stirring bacon. "What?" mercat Georgina over the newspaper, completely naked. "Martha, I have bad news for you. We're lesbians now!"
After my mom stole my swap remote, she immediately swapped bodies with me and quickly ran out of the house. "Stay in this old body for now, I'm going to have fun with your girlfriend."(RP)
I told you I’d do anything to become popular. I just didn’t expect you to swap me with a cute cheerleader, and tell me that I was now your girlfriend. (RP Wanted)
Jack always kissed his girlfriend whenever he first saw her. Why she was suddenly pulling away from him caught him completely off-guard. (Send a chat to RP)
My roommate would always make fun of my obsession of egirls and call me a "simp". Let's just say that after my transformation, he's the drooling simp now... (RP Wanted)
Everybody in the party were freaked out when Lilith rushed to the bathroom while she was pulling down her pants in the way. They were just a bunch of drunk teens who tried out a session of ouija for fun, but it actually invoked a spirit from the overworld and took possession of the goth hot chick.
After swapping bodies with this girl, the first thing i thought when i swap my new body was “i want to cum on those tits” but then i remembered i was going to get to do something even better - making someone else cum on them
When your parents told you about their upcoming trip to a nice resort in Hawaii you were obviously jealous. In the week leading up to the trip you did some research, finding a spell to steal their bodies. Now you were ready to crash their vacation. (Plot continued in comments)
(M4ApTF) You'd let out a smirk as you looked up and caught your roommate staring at your new, perfectly shaped tits~ You had recently gotten top surgery, and oh boy did the doctors know what they were doing! "He he~ Dude, if you want to play with my tits, just ask~" You'd tease, pulling on your top~
I'm a musician who was hired as entertaining for the grand opening of a honey farm. When I showed up with my guitar the owner told me that wasn't what I was hired for and handed me a pill instead. Needing the money, I took it and put on a different kind of show. The pill made me a little airheaded
my girlfriend and I planned some swapvacations to a distant beach, who would say that her parents will also plan a trip at this time and it will end up in her mother's body! you should see her face of annoyance.
Larry was an incel that thought girls had it easy. A witch heard his remarks and put a spell on him. When Larry woke up the next day, he noticed his fat and hairy body was replaced by a woman’s. From his new point of view, Larry still thought girls had it easy. If only he knew how wrong he’d be…
After my neighbor went through a brutal divorce, I got to know him and I even came to love him. I knew he wasn't into guys, so I devised a plan. I told him I was subletting my apartment while I'm out of town for awhile. Meanwhile, after a trip to the Swap Clinic, here is my 'sub-tenant'! (RP)
"This is serious, can you stop doing that with my chest!" My friend, from my body, demanded as I shook my chest. I stopped, laughing a little. There was a hell of a party the night before in my apartment, when her and I woke up we were hungover, and found ourselves in each other's bodies.
You, my boss and good friend, just lost your wife. You haven’t been to work in a few of days. When you told me you were coming back tomorrow, I had to plan something for you. You would stare at your secretary, so I used family magic to possess her body. You were going to receive a nice welcome back.
[M playing F4A] We’re partnering in a new system that will allow us to live the lives of our ancestors in VR. Excited for our first test, I type in the date, May 21, 1722. What we could never predict is that the machine isn’t just virtual, it actually sends us back, leaving us stranded.
you swap bodies with (me) your sister after a big argument between the two of us. you look grab your phone and see this as your new reflection
Turns out taking double of the X-Change pill causes something a little strange, no complaints from me though…
I had pissed off a demon so he turned me into a succubus, now I can change my body in any way and have an insane hunger for cum and souls. (Rp in Dm)
You really have to give credit to The Resort's new management. The new decorations and the metareferences are just delightful. I am, of course, a princess and will definitely not allowed to be toad while buying dragon-dildos. I'll be riding'em in a lounger by the pool if you want show up or maybe DP
would you let me squat fuck you like this?
I took a deep breath and smiled as I stretched my legs out. I had been the pool boy for this uptight rich bitch, that was until my best friend who was her butler gave me a swap stone. Now I’m the rich bitch, “Oh pool boy! Fetch me another glass of wine. Now!” (RP)
Call me basic, but when it comes to breasts I've always been into that gravity-defying a-tad-too-big-for-her-frame pornstar-look. But not the big-and-round seemingly-enhanced type, more like the ones with incredibly perky nipples with wide puffy areolae. After the shift, I couldn't believe my luck!
The swap was a popular show. Me and my friend went on it (we’re very competitive), The premise is normal people swap with famous singers and have to perform a show. The audience votes who’s show was the best and the winner gets $1 million. I swapped with Dua, you swapped with Taylor.
I always wanted to be a personal trainer, this new company was hiring and I eagerly applied, what I wasn't prepared for was that I'd be working out in other people's bodies
Anastasia Cebulska
Possible new discord?
After the divorce, I moved away and lost almost all communication with my daughter. I was devastated. I stayed up almost every night wishing that some how I could bond with her more. Now I’m at my ex-wife’s house in my daughter’s body. This is not what I meant!” (RP)
“It’s hard to steer when you’re pure spirit!” I protest, my machine had backfired, stripping my soul from my physical body, flying around until I forced myself down your girlfriends throat. “You’ve got to help me get my body back!” I plead in her voice.
Wanting to reconnect with my old high school girlfriend, I wished upon a star that I'd be able to see her again. Within the span of a second, I was looking at her in a mirror, in a shower and with a man behind her. As he slipped inside, I knew this is gonna be a far better relationship.
Sarah and Kaylee were just enjoying their time at Kaylee’s beach house. However, their stay attracted two spirits inhabiting the house. With thoughts of pure lust, the ghosts entered the bodies of the girls, pushing them out. They could only watch the new Sarah and Kaylee have fun in their bodies.
It had been months since my girlfriend just stood up one night and walked out- I hadn’t heard from her since. However, I’d got a text the other day and agreed to meet, now I’m sat opposite her in the cafe. Little did I know that you’d possessed her for your own fun, now you were stuck.
You got turned away from the nightclub for being too drunk. However, we all left you and went in, soon, you woke up inside- you’d slipped and fallen, knocking your unconscious and accidentally possessed this girl.
My Bully kept calling me nerdy with my boring clothes, blocky glasses, and imperfect body. I was getting fed up with it, so I wanted to make him see what he put me through, only worse. I warped reality as he became like me, nerdy, bullied, only this time a slightly chubby girl to add on. (Rp)
My mom was tired of me and my stepsister arguing so before she left with my stepdad, she swapped mine and my stepsisters bodies! We begged her to swap us back, but she said it will help us to understand each other more. Maybe it was sexual frustration… because this is our 4th time today… (RP Wanted)
I finally told my gf about my swapping ability. Of course she didn’t believe me, so I swapped with her! She’s awestruck in my body, but I’m quite comfortable in her’s.After all, I’ve been secretly swapping with her a few nights a week, enjoying evenings in her body while she sleeps soundly in mine!
Desperate for a body swap RP- someone send a chat!
I was working long hours and my girlfriend wished we'd be closer and spend more time together. I woke up as a woman with a job as a secretary, but couldn't find my girlfriend. I tried reversing the wish and searched for her for months. I think I know where she is now after that kick. I'm so dumb
I didn’t believe the swap app worked, I tried the app and now suddenly in a girls body with a dick in my mouth, it tasted disgusting I hope he doesn’t want me to finish him off
I discovered my possession abilities and a creepy guy offered me money to possess this girl. Being broke I couldn’t refuse. I was scared at first as he wanted to do sexual stuff to me. However after spending the weekend being his slave I found I’ve got a new kink! Anyone else want to hire me? (RP)
So the first time I decide to jerk off to Addison is when the FOSE had to hit now leaving me inside her body. Wish I’d jerked to someone else but this is my life now
I always failed girls from one of the sororities on campus, why? They always seemed so dumb, and they were! I guess eventually they got a smart one though and turned me into their newest member... turns out the hazing makes you sooo much dumber and stuff... I don't wanna go through college again!
I was a 40 year old male going through a mid life crisis, so I decided to use a "Rejuvenating Pool" at the resort. Not only did it make me look younger, it also turned me into this blonde chick! I have to explain this to my family, but there's a cute guy staring at me- What am I saying! (RP Wanted)
In the not too distant future, cops now use a machine to hop into bodies nearby crimes to fight the quicker. Although, some, such as you, overstay your welcome and insist on investigating further.
When your sister told you she was going to keep your body longer than plan. This was your reply and you turned off the phone as she tries to keep calling you.
“Holy shit bro! I knew your step sister was hot, but I didn’t expect her to be this stacked.” After your parents only bought 4 tickets for your family vacation, I knew the only way for us to hang out would involve possessing your little step-sis. Hopefully you won’t be too mad!
It was summer and you were bored. Soon you get a message from a weird app saying “have you ever wanted to see different perspectives in life” you click on the app out of curiosity and it says drag your sole to this image you do it and soon you find your soul in your neighbor
[Bodyswap, romance, slice of life, may contest] How i got reincarnated and found love in a most unexpected way.
“Who’s this now, you can’t keep doing this!” I text you, every time I receive a random video from a girl- I knew it was you, ever since those tablets gave you the ability to hop, you’d been taking countless bodies and doing unspeakable things to them.
Every school has their weird quiet kid, it just so happens that the one at my school can change reality at his will. I didn't even know the guy that well but apparently I was chosen to be the anthro fox girl that's always horny! Please help! (RP in comments only)
It was the usual day at church, filled with annoyance that I tolerated for family. But when I was trying to leave the Pastor tried talking to me about how sinful my few tattoos were. So I figured i'd make him try sinning by inking his body. Now I never miss church (Rp)
You know how sometimes you lose your luggage in airports? same thing happens with Swapcations. You swap with someone and they take your body for a vacation of their own. My partner Lei went missing with my body so I had to go back home in her body. I sipped from a drink while my friends stared at me
I was a middle-aged, balding, man in a dead end, driving instructor job. However, when my student Lisa here requested I swap her body to do her test, I decided to never give it back and live the life I was meant to. “So, you think you’re getting this back?“ I say taunting you, climbing into the car.
My son was a bit of a loner and lately he had been obsessed with a new VR game he bought. I wanted him to appreciate the real world more, so I sent him to camp for a month. I figured I’d try out his VR. I put it on and press ‘resume’. I’m surprised he uses a female avatar and it feels so real. (RP)
“It’s hard to steer when you’re pure spirit!” I protest, my machine had backfired, stripping my soul from my physical body, flying around until I forced myself down your girlfriends throat. “You’ve got to help me get my body back!” I plead in her voice.
The Rejuvenation Project - Part One
I was in love with Mark, but he was already in a relationship. But instead of breaking them up, I decided to swap bodies with his girlfriend, Quinn who mocked me when she found out about my feelings. It's only right that she get to experience the same feeling from my body! I think I'll rub it in...
After swapping bodies with my friends boyfriend, it felt like I had won the lottery! I could do what I had always wanted to do and that was have a sexual experience with her! Even though I didn’t last long, I sent ‘him’ this vid. Little did I know it was actually her boyfriend in her body(RP Wanted)
After swapping bodies with my friends boyfriend, it felt lik I had won the lottery! I could do what I had always wanted to do and that was have a sexual experience with her! Even though I didn’t last long, I sent ‘him’ this vid. Little did I know it was actually her boyfriend in her body…(RP Wanted)
Weird idea for a social media-based RP where we don't have to actually swap accounts
My Friend and I did a bet that whoever one would be transformed into a hot MILF. When I lost, I thought I could just run away, but turns out the spell was also packaged with a Bimboification Spell and now I can only think like a dumb slut! (RP Wanted)
It’s been a week since Rebecca stole my body. I just discovered her online persona. THIS is what my girlfriend’s mom does in secret!?
“Oh… hey! Who are you?” I ask as you walked in on me, I’d found your girlfriend was SwapApp and requested her instantly, dressing my new body up. “I’m not a… brat, by the way”
My Friend and I did a bet that whoever won would be transformed into a hot MILF for the other. When I lost, I thought I could just run away, but turns out the spell was also packaged with a Bimboification Spell and now I can only think like a dumb slut! (RP Wanted)
this skirt makes me feel so pretty!
My girl friends were preparing a hip-hop dance show, but then on the night of the show, one of them fell suddenly sick. To not cancel it, they took a drastic measure: I, also a hip-hop dancer, would take an X-Change and complete the quartet. In about a few minutes, we would be on stage! (RP)
Welp, I guess the Great shift thought it would be great to put me into this chicks body. I didn’t like it at first, but as time went on I started to like it and going to gym felt better too. Sadly it started to get annoying whenever someone would try to hit on me (Mind control and body swap RP)
"Listen, we can't keep skirting the issue. We are man and wife now. I know it's messed up, but it's true. That mad scientist made it clear, there is no going back. Instead of going to college, you are now your own dad. I'm no longer the dad, I'm the wife. It is time we both accept that,"
I stared in the mirror, mostly in disbelief. My parents told me our family had a condition, usually the youngest child would be affected by it. All it usually meant was extra height or weight, but in my case this was the most extreme. Plus with modern medicine, this was gonna be irreversible...
The problem isn't so big, well I thought that before the great shift happened and put me in the body of this big woman, ugh is hard to walk and do the things I used to do before, I would like to have an advice to adapt faster
My girlfriend decided to go to the pool today for fun. MY girlfriend chose to tan instead of swim which is fine. Everything was fine until my girlfriend began to shake like crazy. Then she woke up felt her head and looked down in shock. A spirit who got a second chance at life took her over (RP)
When your girlfriend found this old body swap amulet she pulled a surprise swap with your brother while you were all on the family vacation. problem is I can't find the amulet and she seems fine being in my body. "Dude where is it?! I can't be her for more than a day or I'll get stuck!"
“Do you know how jealous of you am I right now? A whole month inside her!” I exclaim. My friend got picked for swap class and he got picked to be our crush for a month. Little did he know that I had rigged the class to get just this result.
Your Girlfriend Was Beginning To Act Very Weird. One Moment You Two Were Arguing. The Next, She Was Shaking It For You. Her Eyes Even Seemed More Hopeful
What would you do if you were in my body?
the great shift in star wars. who did you end up with and will you do ? feel free to add someone
It took some getting used to, Swap Class had been sabotaged, the whole class had been turned upside down- the nerds such as you, once bullied now own the popular bodies and therefore, their previous owners. “Hey man, how are you doing?” I ask, trying to make friends with new popular kids.
Swapping with my hot, single aunt was insane. She had always complained about her life and I felt as if she deserved a break so we swapped bodies. I had been noticing her becoming more affectionate towards me and that was when I made my move. I got on the bed, fuck she came quick! (Rp wanted)
(M4A) "Good, just like that~ Perfect!" I'd tease before taking a picture of the two, gorgeous "women" eagerly swapping my cum between them~ Sure they were really a couple house elves that I fed polyjuice potions to, but as long as they don't talk or make a sound, they're pretty much the real deal!
My friends and I had swapped bodies with our girlfriends. It was only for fun, however we got a bit carried away and I started making out with my friend whilst our girlfriends looked on with poles in their pants. One of my friends was too scared to get involved, so we’re sending him away…(RP Wanted)
Now Open! The Renu-U Resort on Exchange Island! Come take a look at some of our fantastic offerings!
Shane was a pervy old man that couldn’t clean up after himself. His son got a maid to clean up a bit, but she didn’t like his sexual remarks. Tired of the old man, the maid switched their bodies to teach him a lesson. This backfired, now Shane controls a beautiful young body his son would enjoy.
[RP][M4MtF]My white racist roommate won't stop talking about how superior whites are, annoyed I turned him into a black girl by magic. Weirdly he accepted his new sexy black body and knelt between my legs, telling me as a black girl she must now submit to my superior white cock [Kik in the comment]
Swapping with my hot, single aunt was insane. She had always complained about her life and I felt as if she deserved a break so we swapped bodies. I had been noticing her becoming more affectionate towards me and that was when I made my move. I got on my knees, fuck she came quick! (Rp wanted)
Couple fun dm
When I found my sister's hidden stash of bondage gear I called her a freak. She didn't take kindly to it. A week later she used a spell to swap places with me after getting herself geared up. I have no idea what to expect, but I doubt this is all she had planned for me...
Some guy came into my chat and began acting weirdly misogynistic to one of my female moderators, saying women didnt belong in gaming. So with a special link I sent him that changed some things about him, he began streaming the next day, with quite a different attitude...and appearance. (Rp)
It was all over the news- they called him ‘The Ghost’, some guy who’d worked out how to possess others and use them like his puppet. I hadn’t heard from my girlfriend for a couple of days until she walked in this morning- something was wrong. “Are you okay baby?”
(F4M) "Hey man, maybe it's not my place to say but your daughter is acting kinda wierd around me, are you sure she's not possessed? She's been flirty... she's usually a bitch!"
I’d bought my girlfriend her first PC, determined to get her interested in my hobbies. However, soon after she had a virus and called Tech Support- they recommended a full diagnostics check by an agent, who possessed her body. I found you inside her, taking photos in our bedroom mirror.
time swapping were the new thing you would be put into someone body back in time I signed up for a year long pirate vacation but when I opened my eyes I was chained up in the brig of the ship
"Come on, you can't seriously expect me not to flaunt this, right?" Ever since the great shift, I'd been dressing up... in all sorts of outfits, and then live streaming to loads of people. I didn't even play games... I talked to all of them for hours?
I looked to my friend's-er, MY date quietly. My best friend was nervous to go on this date so she made me go instead, in her body! Now every time I cut this damn steak I feel him staring at my chest... though, he's pretty sweet otherwise.
I looked over to my friend's date, or I guess my date now. She was nervous to meet this guy so forced me to go in her stead, as her! Now whenever I cut this damn stake I feel his eyes lock onto my chest... beyond that he's pretty sweet, though.
who wants to use my slutty whore gf :) do whatever u want with her . snap @dahballer11
You (my older brother) had come home for the first time in two years to surprise me. When you got home, no one was there. Our old bedroom had been redecorated and looked like a girls room. An hour later, I walk in in a bikini. “OMG! No one told me you were coming!! This is awesome.” I hug you. (RP)
"how many more outfits do I have to try man?" you were trying to surprise your girlfriend with some clothes. but you wanted to see what fit her best. you had me take a clone pill of her to see them on her.
Test
*barging into your room* “dude Danny, you remember when I said I really wanted to buy that potion at that creepy vendor we visited, but couldn’t because it was expensive, so I decided to drink it there in the shop, you wouldn’t believe it, the potion turned me into a freaking chick”
“No way, no fucking way, I told you not the cum you idiot, this is pill is super sensitive to cum, if even a single bit is put into me while I’m on it, Then the reverse pill won’t work” I say as loads of cum gush out my pussy “what am I supposed to do now, Jeez this is all our fault”
I was watching the newest season of Too Hot To Handle when I passed out and woke up in the body of one of the females getting frisky with the fattest cock I ever seen. I can’t stop sucking RP
Dr. Hart was a brilliant computational neuroscientist. She built a device to back-up a person's brain and I, her intern, became the first digital consciousness. She was to be the second but a critical error erased her mind. I couldn't just let her die. Nobody has to know it's not really her anymore.
I accidentally knocked over an old lady in my rush to get home. I should have stopped and helped her up, but I didn’t have time. She screamed at me in a foreign language and all the sudden I was naked. And female. With no money or train ticket. How do I get home now? (RP)
My girlfriend thought it was funny to spike my drink with X-change. She said that I looked better as a girl. As she pushed me against the wall… I found myself agreeing. (Rp)
You were an old recluse and I was an opportunistic thief. Admittedly, I shouldn’t have broken in your house, however, how was I to expect you- to be a Swapapp addict and seemingly, in the midst of your newest rental.
I knew going back to work after second puberty was going be weird but I didn’t think it would be like this, as soon as my coworker put his hands on me I was lost in excitement and lust, what if someone caught us, never again this was a one off, I’m a man
You Told Me To Try To Lose Weight By Going To A Dance Class. But You Never Told Me This Dance Class Was Woman Entry Only, Or That It Was In A Gym.
“Stop right there! Why did you call me your wife, man?” I asked you jumping out of bed. I had recently made a time machine and messed up the timeline. Coming back now as a woman and now married to you my best friend.
"We're both unhappy with our lives, well except for you guys." my girlfriend said, referring to us (the boyfriends). "Unfortuately will have to stop dating you both when we swap because of questions from family and friends, unless you guys want to swap with each other too." your girlfriend suggests.
(MTF4M) My idea is, my dad gave me a shot of a strange liquid. And at random moments, i turn into a girl and randomly i turn back. You and I are trying to find a cure to what my father did to me. (Rp dm longterm)
I always wanted to be a personal trainer, this new company was hiring and I eagerly applied, what I wasn't prepared for was that I'd be working out in other people's bodies
“Ok. I have to admit, this vacation actually has been fun. Being a girl isn’t as awful as I expected. But…um… this sunburn and tan lines will go away when the pill wears off, right?” (Rp)
My friend and I wanted to go to Florida for vacation, but his mom dad he could only go if he brought an adult, so I possessed his 21 year old step sister to "chaperone". At first I thought it would be awful to spend an entire week on this body, but I'm starting to actually enjoy it... (RP Wanted)
While I was at my friends place she left me alone with her sister. That’s when her soul left her body, having no clue where it went I had to take it over. Hopefully when my friend comes back she won’t be too mad at me. Role Play wanted
“Mhhhh fuck” I whimper softly as I rub lotion into your daughters chest. To get out of being grounded she paid me $100 to swap bodies with her and I’m taking the chance to torment the hell out of you because that’s what friends are for! I wonder if I can sneak her boyfriend up to her room….
“Come on you can do this” I psyched myself up. I taken a bet that I’d be able to survive a night as a woman to prove my daughter wrong. I didn’t think she’d put me in her body on the night of her best friends 21st birthday….this was going to be tougher than I anticipated!
"Come on, look at this, I can't be all upset?" I smiled to my best friend. Mysteriously his sister and I had swapped bodies, I think she was trying to get away from his family? Regardless, I wasn't going to complain. This was great!
I was on vacation in Tokyo with my best friend and I broke an ancient vase that was actually an Urn for an empress. well I got swapped into her and have to learn modern life
It seems that in every conceivable universe, I was a woman except for my current universe. I found this out when a friend of mine built a device that let us visit these universes in our alternate selves' bodies...(RP)
As I lay on my new bed I try to comprehend what happened. Earlier this morning I had woken up in the body of my older cousin, apparently some event happened last night that caused a small percent of people to swap bodies with a relative? Regardless my hands were getting curious for my new form...
I woke up, groggy, my body feeling heavy. I had just had what I intended to make a one night stand, but I couldn't find the girl I stayed with. Once I looked around I began to realize... she had stolen my body! This has to be a dream, no way, it doesn't make any sense!
“Are we hot or what dudes?” Every year, our fraternity holds a Girl’s Night: we all take X-Change to ogle each other’s bodies and score free drinks at the club. But this year, someone messed with the pills…(DM for RP)
A strange power surge happened in the firehouse while I was alone. The rest of the guys where out on a routine rescue. It changed everything about me, even my clothes. I don't know what happened. How am I going to explain this to the guys when they get back.
"Yoga? Thats for girls you nerd!" My bully had decided to shout at me as I entered the yoga studio. He didnt seem to realize I was the instructor. As he began taking the class like I recommended he began changing into my typical regar customer. Mature woman who loves the hot, young instructor. (Rp)
The zombie virus is spreading fast and you get bitten. But this one was a model in her previous life. While you slowly become a zombie, you begin to take on some of her bodily and personality traits as well.
Me and a friend went into some new clothing store, which seemed to be targeted towards mature women, which we noticed all too late. My friend went to try something on as a joke but when he came out he looked like a mature women, and was acting sorta...Motherly. (Rp)
Your girlfriend had a weird kink, she liked being a passenger while other people use her body. usually she warned you but this time she thought she'd surprise you. she'd never let a man in her body but this time your brother was behind the wheel. "Dude I'm sorry but who am I to say no to this?"
While walking home, I saw a garage sale going on.I found a small necklace that looked nice and bought it,and continued my day, not realizing it was a magical necklace as my body started to change. I forgot you were home, “hey why are you staring like that?”
"Damn was Lauren's ass always that big...and hot?" Dani asked stroking her borrowed cock. The Jenson family tradition was for all the adults to trade bodies while vacationing. This left brother and sister pair, Danielle and Austin in the bodies of their cousin Lauren and her new to family husband.
I should have trusted the sign saying 'special spring, don't enter' but really, a private hot spring, it was too good to pass up. As i sit in the hot spring my old body was slowly changed, as the hot spring renewed me, changed me. Getting out, i finally notice the new me, shrieking from surprise.
As soon as the first drop hit my tongue I knew something was wrong. Within the first gulp I had hair down to my back and felt my body shrink my clothes copying. It was too late clearly someone had tampered with my beer. I looked over to see my gf and best mate pissing themselves with laughter!
Our group of friends knew each other for so long even our mom became friends.For Mother's Day, we decided to offer them 24H in our bodies. Our mom quickly began to behave like young girls and planned to party all night together.
Ever since you started taking swap class earlier in the semester, we began hooking up in secret. None of our friends know but lately they’ve been a bit suspicious. And now you’ve been in a rush to leave after every time. But a part of me kind of wishes you’d stay for a bit.
For the past few weeks, I’d been taking temporary x-change pills and filming TikToks to make a bit of extra cash on the side. None of my family knew. That was until you had tried to come into my room without warning… (RP)
After I went through Second Puberty, my sister thought would be a great idea to go on holiday together, so I can "discover myself". Now we are in our hotel room, ready to hit the beach. The bikini still feels weird to wear, but I'm glad to finally be in a place where no one knows who I am. (RP)
What you thought how it would be as a girl vs what really happens
This is the last time I let my sister pick my outfit. After my ex transformed me, Jane has been great in helping me get used to being a woman. Today we're going out for a drink and she sent some stuff to help me to get ready including this outfit. Hopefully she doesn't go overboard tonight (RP)
I can’t believe I agreed to this!! Every thrust of his penis I felt my masculinity get chipped away, every moan that escaped my lips tested my sexuality, I took X-Change as a dare, now I’m left in shock as we’re having sex, my brain was empty as I came, I felt a mindless slut
After a accident put me on my sister's body i though that my life was over, but her friends been really helpful to me, even letting me go to a game convention with them!(RP)
Me and my boyfriend were having an argument about who had it easier and it made me mad. Tomorrow is a big day we are going to visit his family. When we woke up in each others bodies I panicked but we have to get ready. He is not pleased about the dress or the makeup but I need to look nice. (RP)
My dad’s a porn star so I get to see a lot of things on set. I was always curious about the x-change pills they had for emergencies so one day I decided to take one. The results were crazy, I looked just like a milf, but just then my dad came bursting in the room naked with a camera, “start rolling”
This Was Only Supposed To Be Some Temporary Transformation, But I Made The Mistake Of Getting Locked In. Now I’m Taking Every Bit I Can From This Body.
‘Hey come on! I’m allowed to have some fun’ I smirked. You had met me a week ago, I’d lost everything. My home, my job, I thought it was the end. You had bought a swap pill for your friend but, you gave it to me, and I knew exactly who I wanted to be. Now here we were, just ‘flatmates’ hanging out
(Futa4ApF) Looking to play out a League of Legends RP where Qiyana stumbles across Neeko while patroling her territory~ Rather pent up from her duties as queen, she decides to bring the little chameleon back home and use the girl's shapeshifting abilities for her own pleasure~
Since my daughter accidentally switched bodies while trying out a spell book, I thought I'd take the opportunity to take some time off while she sorted it out. But it's crazy today at the garage and my employees need me. Anyway, they will be helped by the boss's daughter.
my girlfriend caught me cheating she said the only way for us to stay together was if I swapped bodies with her and fucked her ex (rp wanted)
I need to test my machine that has the power to swap two peoples minds around, I have some Guinea pigs here but I need some nice young men to choose a vessel for testing. If you find someone willing to satisfy these ladies needs then please help me out. I’m sure that those who help won’t regret it.
I woke up with the worst headache. I felt like I’d been whacked in the back of the head. It wasn’t until I felt.. lighter I felt around and realized I had breasts.. I remembered that cocktail I was offered at the bar yesterday. (Message me on dms if you’d like to continue!)
“Are you sure nobody will notice?” I asked for the 10th time this morning. I applied to work in your company, but misclicked and hit female. I explained it but they couldn’t take another male for quota purposes,but I signed a contract as a female.”Are you positive I won’t get caught? How do I look?”
"Alright it works, can we go back to our universe now? I dont wanna be a girl" I said. You had been working on a device that allowed us to swap bodies with alternate versions of ourselves and it worked except we was put into a world where we are both girls and your my step mom.(Rp)
Since coming out as a lesbian, my friend has been having a hard time. In an attempt to cheer her up, I secretly took an XChange pill and met her at her favorite bar. She took me back to her place and after a few more drinks I felt... woozy. The next morning I woke up like this!
I took Xchange.. dm me
Quick casual hookup a scene montage
Never take advantage of your girlfriend when you’re dating a witch. With one snap of her fingers, all of reality shifted and I became her tiny little plaything. I guess it could have been worse. (Rp)
My friend and I wanted to go to Florida for vacation, but his mom said he could only go if he brought an adult, so I possessed his 21 year old step sister to "chaperone". At first I thought it would be awful to spend an entire week in this body, but I'm starting to actually enjoy it... (RP Wanted)
I swapped with my neighbor after a machine malfunctioned in our neighborhood. She was half naked when we swapped, so I knew o had to explore her body. And I figured why not do it in front of a camera? (RP)
We were playing Resident evil and the power cut out, sucking us into the game. "Dude why do I have to be your modded jill?" I groaned as I click clacked in the High heels you'd programmed in. "at least Chris would have been better than this."
My workplace was trying out a new way to motivate us. At the end of the month, the person with the least sales had to wear a collar until the end of the month. I lost. I roll my eyes at the jeers but snap the collar around my neck. I immediately start to change. "She's all ours for a month boys"(RP)
I was an athlete with a scholarship. However, my older sister was jealous and she somehow swapped our bodies! She said it was temporary but she was attending practice. One day she asked me if I could jerk her off, whilst wearing my varsity jacket… she claimed it was a kink of hers…(RP Wanted)
sean was a deadbeat loser in his late 40s. no family, boring job, not much money. he hated his life and wished for something better. 21yo alyssa, as the spoiled girl she is, wished for a different life at the same time when her dad didn’t give her the money she asked for. their wishes worked! RP
My first road trip since my swap accident. I (far right) lost my body during a public demonstration of swap tech. At least they offered to pay for the trip with my friends. (Rp)
When the swap class machine blew, it sent students and teachers into random bodies. I ended in Ms Richards, a new science teacher. Who would've thought she was packing so much in her ass. It never stops jiggling!
I had the ability to possess someone the only problem was I couldn't control the extremeness of a person. When I got into Scarlett and went to a party I realised she was one hell of a horny woman. As soon as I saw some young male all i could do was invite him to use me.
"Look who have Violetta's body!" I text my best friend before sending him this picture(RP)
Someone should write some captions of turning into her :)
I’m a photographer for Instagram lingerie models. They do not pay me as my payment is sex. But today when I told this model she swapped our bodies! She said she was going to swap us back, if I model for her. As I pose, all she is doing is jerking off slowly and she thinks I don’t notice…(RP Wanted)
Apparently this goth slut wasn’t lying when she said she had some special power, cause after dealing with a little too much of my shit, she decided to steal my body, and now here i am jacking off my own dick! god why is it so hot watching myself cum on me… i think i’m liking it too much!
A strange power surge happened in the firehouse while I was alone. The rest of the guys where out on a routine rescue. It changed everything about me, even my clothes. I don't know what happened. How am I going to explain this to the guys when they get back.
(M4A) You couldn't help but shudder as you gazed into the mirror, admiring your new body and the smug grin that you had practiced for over half an hour now~ On your deathbed, you found yourself transported into your 18 year old grandaughter's body, oh the things you could do with such a cheeky face~
Day 2 of trying to fit it all in...
my best friend and I signed up for this VR game where we were able to use real people as our avatars. I picked this celebrity off a list thinking I'd be some ripped guy. "Dude what kind of girl is named Billie? this Is bullshit!"
“I feel like a hooker,why are we even doing this”I asked.My sister always talked about how she wanted a sister and how cute I’d look as a girl.I hated it which amused her.When she discovered x-change,she put a pill in my drink and I can’t change until she gives the reverse.”Who are we even meeting?”
Looking to discuss body swap
Anna was my best friend. We were very close. But I didn’t know she had a crush on me. Everything changed when she paid a specialist to swap my body with her boyfriend. I soon got a text from my own phone. A picture of myself and a picture of my body and Anna together. He was now milana and I wasn’t
I looked over knowing you hated every second of this. For a report on social welfare your gf had to step into the shoes of someone bellow the poverty lines. She took that very literally going to volunteer at my local soup kitchen to find a suitable partner, of course I accept her offer immediately!
My boyfriend was a mess with his new body swapping powers, we didn’t understand how he triggered it until now.. “..baby it must of been because we were about to have sex!” I reveal your hard cock, your thirsty eyes immediately locked into it. “..you don’t want our first time to be like this do you?”
time travel vacations were the new thing to do I signed up for a year long pirate vacation but when I woke up a female and tied to another girl In the brig of a ship I was shocked (rp wanted)
I was using the newly released swap app because I wanted to know what it was like to be a woman, I was talking to someone named Gina for a bit before she send me a trade request, I got so excited to trade bodies but slightly after, the app was shut down and I can’t swap back
Roommate After midnight
My busty leftist friend agreed suspiciously quickly to a body swap, and I only learned why after men came and kidnapped me in the night
Beware of what you wish for - Part 1
i was being bullied I got sick of it and casted a spell to which bodies with him but I missed and accidentally hit the college slut instead (rp wanted)
"Damn did Lauren's ass always that big...and good?" Dani asked stroking her borrowed cock. The Jenson family tradition was for all the adults to trade bodies while vacationing. This left brother and sister pair, Danielle and Austin in the bodies of their cousin Lauren and her new to family husband.
When my dad caught me watching Goth Girl porn on the living room TV he was extremely pissed, not from the porn but the Goth part, saying I shouldnt like those trashy women. Well sadly for him, in his sleep I put a special enchanted tattoo on him and he awoke too being one of those trashy women (Rp)
Swap Class at the university added a new twist this semester, they partnered with the cultural diversity team and decided to pair people based on cultural and religious difference. Looks like this semester I'm Fatima, the Muslim exchange student...
My best friend told me she loves being spanked. I asked her why and she offered to show me. One quick swap later, I get it.
Jake did a horrible job working as his mother after the two accidentally swapped. So bad that he was going to be fired when called into the boss's office. Not wanting his mom to lose her job, he did the only he could think of. He slept with the boss. But now he had to explain how he got a promotion.
A road trip with my best friend seemed like a great idea until we just couldn’t stop fighting. We thought about canceling the trip until we found a funny looking swap pill at a gas station. Needless to say, we haven’t argued since!
I always knew my friend’s daughter had a crush on me but I didn’t realize how far it went until she was thinking of me when the FOSE hit! We agreed it would be best to assume each other’s lives as to not freak out my new dad or her new wife. In the months since I think we’ve both adapted well. (Rp)
I had been making fun of the chav slut for being stupid she finally got sick of it and turn me into her chav friend telling me I have to go to a party with her since we will be the only girls their (rp wanted)
When my mom divorced my step-dad, I felt sorry for him. She had been the one who cheated on him. So I devised a plan. I swapped with my sister, and I plan on starting a new relationship with my step-dad... first step, bump into him at the library.
My sister and I had swapped bodies whilst my parents were away. I thought it’d be fun but she made me have her period and it was finally over! I thought girls being really horny after their period was a myth but I was proven wrong. I was going to explore her body but she just walked in…(RP Wanted)
After getting my spell book I love heading to the library and testing out spells on all the shy book worms, especially a possession/ swap spells on the hotter ones. Role Play wanted
Body sitting was a hit especially with people who’d already used all their holidays up for the year. Like my current client Gemma, she off in the mediterranean with her husband. I hope he doesn’t mind sharing a bed with another dude but it’s her fault for not reserving one of our female swappers!
“Dance like a like TikTok slut for me, Paul,” you tell me. I just glare back at you. You had really changed since discovering your power but I had changed even more. “Dance!” you command but this time you wave your hand slightly. This time I dance. I can’t help it.
I cannot believe this. My sister came home last night a complete wreck because she suspected her bf was cheating on her. I told her I doubted he was cheating. So she turned me into a girl and I have to flirt with her bf at a bar. “Hey sexy, you here alone tonight?” (RP)
I was one of the richest pirate captains until I went to pirate Island. black beard had swapped me with one of his girls so he could take all my money (rp wanted)
When I was rushed down to the the secret swap chamber for my new witness protection body I thought i was finally going to escape the mob little did I know these weren't government agents and my new body wasn't what I was promised
It’s pretty surreal as I take a selfie in my new body. I still can’t believe my son’s girlfriend and I actually went through with the swap! She seems happy being a man while I’m still pretty nervous about womanhood. Especially since I’ve been informed my new body is still a virgin.
After much waiting, it arrived, the skinsuit you would use to trick the bully at work. He had (unfortunately for him) left his diary near your desk, detailing his ‘perfect girl’, and here she was! He made a habit of embarrassing you in front of your co workers, but now it was your turn!
“Fuck… it worked!” I shout excitedly, I’d hacked SwapApp to let me use it on anyone, whether they’re on the app or not- unfortunately, your girlfriend and my coworker was my first target.
I wasn’t aware of where I was going I just got an invitation to a resort. I realized it was an exchange island. I had a great body and never wanted to give it up. But as soon as I got there my body was taken and I a man now. Later that day I spotted the person in my body and I didn’t like what i saw
“Ahh my favorite part of the day” I snapped a pic and sent it to the contact labeled ‘former body’. It’s been a month since I swapped bodies with this trophy wife at the gym. She just wanted to live her own life and I don’t mind living hers, all she asks for is a photo to jerk off to in the morning!
My friend had two extremely annoying quirks about him. He was obsessed with sex, and was always talking about japanese women. After awhile I started to get uncomfortable and wanted a solution. So of course making him an incredibly inexperienced, broken english japanese schoolgirl did wonders (Rp)
Some guy approached me while at the gym apparently he was rich and I was perfect for his wife. I was confused I thought he’d get me to fuck her or something but no, she wants to be me! Any sane person would say no immediately but the offer was beyond my wildest dreams…it sounds like the perfect life
When my dad got second puberty I was shocked, he started turning into a woman soon but the shocking thing was how he seemed to rapidly be de-aging. Today was our prom and for some reason my dad wants to go, my mom is forcing me to take him. (RP)
[RP][M4MtF]My son took a Xchange pill and turn into 18 year old girl so he can do onlyfan as it has lot of fast money.He wanted to suck my cock on camera as he felt dad-daughter stuff will get lot of views on OF.I cant say no to him so I agreed. Now this is our daily routine(Kik in the comment)
I was out having a good time with my best friend when we find this earring. "man put it on it'll look so cool on you" my friend teased. "Ha I doubt it but ok" I humor him and stick it into my ear lobe. As I do my vision shifts over to what appears a sunny, tropical place. "woa how'd i.." I look down
"This is way to much right? Fuck! Why'd she even buy this shade if it's this weird?" Ever since swap class went wrong, I got stuck in this body for good... the problem was, my sister, girlfriend and friends all had something to say about anything I tried! "Maybe you guys can HELP for once then?!"
“All right, it worked,” I text you and attach a picture of Mike's sister. You and I had made plans for a great summer vacation. However, your mom wouldn't let you travel without someone over 21. This meant I had to possess someone who was over 21, and we decided I would possess Mike's sister. (RP)
“What do you mean man, I was always a woman. Get your facts straight, alright?” My powers I inherited from my parents finally came. And what better way to use them than to trick and gaslight people. “Look roomie, I don’t know why you think my name is Chey, my name is Haley. Get it right”
(RP) I discovered my older brother's stash of Playboy magazines and came across a particularly happy-looking brunette. Her smile was fascinating...I wondered what she liked about posing nude. As I wondered, I got to find out, because I was magically sent back to the photoshoot in her body!
"Jesus, Charlie, what have you done?" I couldn't believe what I was seeing. He said he was going to the Clinic. Was that really my son? It was his face, but not his body. He often acted out for attention, more so since the divorce. I thought college would change him... but it only made him worse.
Everytime I possess someone I can affect their mind a little bit, and I usually do so to try and put them at ease with being possessed. With Elizabeth Olsen I possessed her so frequently that now she begs me to take control of her, she's addicted to being my host. Who am I to deny her? (RP)
Everytime I possess someone I can affect their mind a little bit, and I usually do so to try and put them at ease with being possessed. With Elizabeth Olsen I possessed her so frequently that now she begs me to take control of her, she's addicted to being my host. Who am I to deny her?
My friend was really against my love of J-Pop and hated the fact I enjoyed it, saying it wasnt cultured music and other semi racist stuff. So, I figured, maybe if I made him the target demographic he'd understand my love of it, though he sorta lost his ability to speak proper english. (Rp)
My mother punished me for pranking a girl at school. The prank was I had to live out all of prom weekend as her. I didn't understand, but the smack to my feminine ass hours later made me realize what my mom meant. She said if I don't act right, I'm not changing back!
My roomie and I have a standard bet - loser takes an X-Change and does something embarrassing. It can be a lot of fun, but he took it to a whole new level this time, with his app-controled vibe in me while in public. I'll definitely get him back for this - if I can stay standing, that is...
In the chaos of the Great Shift, Chelsea was out shopping and the next minute in a business office, in a very male body. Luckily she found a private bathroom, which was already occupied by someone also exploring their new body. As she felt her new body react, she wondered if they wanted some company
You’d died in a tragic car crash. However, when I discovered a ritual in a book to bring you back- all I had to do was find a willing ‘Donor’, luckily Becky was more than happy help. “Did it work?” I ask as you look over your new shoulder at me.
The waitress was tired of every man grabbing her at work so she had a plan for the next person that did it. Once you grabbed her, she stared into your eyes and said something weird but you both swapped bodies and she shown you what’s it’s like to be groped plus more
"Dude it's me your roomate, I was at the beach and some guy gave me a drink and now I'm this girl"
*knocking at your door* “dude, I need your help, you remember that chick Selena from the party last night, well I kinda embarrassed her and she said something about turning me into a woman to get back at me, she wasn’t lying, look at my body she really did it, you have to help me”
For the past few weeks, I’d been taking temporary x-change pills and filming TikToks to make a bit of extra cash on the side. None of my family new. That was until you had tried to come into my room without warning… (RP)
I emerge from the warmth into the cold, mere seconds ago i was still at home, but because of the dimensional door incident, whatever that is, i ended up somewhere completely different as someone completely different, i try to look around for the doorway back home, back to my own life, but it's gone.
[RP][M4MtF] My dad was your average stereotypical awkward shy college professor untill he hit second puberty and turned into a total milf. He is also now always super horny. Mom begged me to fuck dad all time as she felt something bad would happen if he isn't kept satisfied. (Kik in the comments)
For the past few weeks, I’d been taking temporary x-change pills and filming TikToks to make a bit of extra cash on the side. None of my family new. That was until you had tried to come into my room without warning… (RP)
I wasn’t aware of where I was going I just got an invitation to a resort. I realized it was an exchange island. I had a great body and never wanted to give it up. But as soon as I got there my body was taken and I a man now. Later that day I spotted the person in my body and I didn’t like what i saw
My roomie and I have a bet that the loser takes an X-Change and then has to do something embarrassing. It settles most arguments, and it always winds up being harmless fun. When I lost this time, he took it to a whole new level. I'll get him back later - if I can walk out of here, that is.
Me and my friend wanted to go to this music festival so bad we were willing to do anything. I found a possession device that could put our souls into bodies at the festival. The only problem is its random, Luckily I got a guys boddies but my friend is pouting about being a girl. (RP)
Even after we got stuck in each other’s bodies because of a botched spell, my wife still likes it when I take control in bed.
My sister caused a problem at home, but blamed it on me. As punishment my parents banned me from the family vacation this summer. To get back at her I swapped our bodies, here I am sending her a teasing picture... though... I'm not sure how to reverse the swap.
Everytime I possess someone I can affect their mind a little bit, and I usually do so to try and put them at ease with being possessed. With Elizabeth Olsen I possessed her so frequently that now she begs me to take control of her, she's addicted to being my host. Who am I to deny her? (RP)
19 [M4M] A chubby boy who dreams to be a mommy who breastfeeds her man
Some crazy man came up to me and told me that I was once a man and a superhero until Doc Ock shifted reality, how ridiculous! I've alway been a cumslut for my master Doctor Octopus... (RP Wanted)
I always knew my friend’s daughter had a crush on me but I didn’t realize how far it went until she was thinking of me when the FOSE hit! We agreed it would be best to assume each other’s lives as to not freak out my new dad or her new wife. In the months since I think we’ve both adapted well. (Rp)
Coming back from the gym, oops WTF
My girlfriend and I had come to an agreement, I’d get anything I wanted BUT she could do anything she needed to do to graduate from college, including letting the pervy professors take it in turns to possess her for the weekend- this week, it was your turn. “Hey… man” I say, catching you.
I downloaded, and started scrolling through the pictures in the Swap App when I came across a cute, innocent looking girl with pink streaks in her hair. I tapped the big swap button, and suddenly I was on my stomach salivating through immense pleasure as I was being rammed from behind by a fat cock.
This Exchange Island prides itself in its unique take on the resort. Instead of swapping bodies, it transforms the visitors into the body they desire the most. The old become young again, the ugly become beautiful, even ethnicity. You were one of the first people to visit and transform! (RP)
Somehow my best friend convinced me to swap bodies with her. I love my body but she didn’t like how she was flat and in her words unattractive. She did have a bf, but little did I know she wanted to swap so she can give him what he wants. After the swap I find her in my body already comfortable..
"It's just up this way... stop filming me." I sighed as we walked up the mountainside. Last night I had gone here and wished on a shooting star, but it errantly turned me into this girl. You told me there was a meteor shower tonight, maybe I could change back? But you kept looking at me funny...
“Is this to revealing for date night?” I ask my old body. Thanks to a mis-worded wish, I had swapped bodies with my best friend’s father’s new trophy wife. I had been one week and aside from my new step son/old best friend, no one else knew our secret.
[RP][M4MtF] it's Thanksgiving,everyone was on the dinner table, dad was sitting beside me when suddenly the great shift happened and dad turned into a sexy horny MILF. Before I could understand anything he knelt down and started to suck my cock infront of the whole family (Kik in comment)
The rich elite had too much money… so much so that they weren’t content with one life anymore, paying huge sums to use people as ‘Avatars’ and remotely accessing them to live a second life. Little did I know that the girl I’d been dating (you) was a billionaire’s avatar.
I don't know why I chose to become the family maid when we went into Witness Protection. But after a week in our new bodies, my former dad decided that it was time I really took on the role I had chosen. With mom now being his daughter, it turns out that entails a lot more than just cleaning. RP/AMA
“Hi is that Dylan?” I asked waving you over to my table. You had hired me as a hopper for hire and it seemed like it would be an easy nights work. As standard you had asked for me to hop some workmate and meet you for dinner, if only I knew your plans to keep me stuck as her!
I always caught my girlfriends mum checking me out. I soon found out why, she managed to get me alone and revealed her dream of spending some time in a young guys body. Her friend had swapped with her son and loved it so I agreed. But after a week she realised she hated it…I didn’t share her view!
I stretch after getting out off bed, just another day i figured, though when i opened my eyes i would find myself in a totally new predicament, where am i, who am i? And who is this other girl sleeping in my bed.
“That New X-Change Stuff Really Gets You Moving Huh? I Got It Going On As They’d Say.”
I Told You If I Transformed I’d Outdo Your Girlfriend And Anyone Else. I Bet You Believe Me Now.
One day I was just chilling, then I got a call from my girlfriend and she broke up with me, I was heartbroken. A few minutes later I got a notification on my phone talking about getting a better, happier life so I opened it. The next morning I woke up in this body, barely remembering who I am (RP)
New Sister 4: I’m Getting Bored Staying Around Here. You’ve Got To Have Something We Can Do.” I Had Been Pretty Used To My New Body. But It Never Replaced My Mind.
Freshly evicted and broke, Jason and April had to stay at a cheap motel. Thankfully, the owner Mr. Vega gave them a free suite promising to work out payment later. "Payment" ended up meaning the staff could swap bodies with them whenever they wished...and Mr. Vega had first dibs on April's body...
Fucking On A Cruise Ship
My sophomore year, I took an xchange pill as a prank for a Halloween party. At the party, I met an awesome lesbian girl, and I had the best night of my life. So I took a permanent pill, and now at graduation, I’m seeing my family for the first time as a girl. (RP)
Me and my friend wanted to go to this music festival so bad we were willing to do anything. I found a possession device that could put our souls into bodies at the festival. The only problem is its random, Luckily I got a guys bodies but my friend is pouting about being a girl. (RP)
After the great shift it was hard to find your friends, luckily my buddy knew my number. He sent ,e this photo and said that he is in an entirely different country. Today is the day I pick him up at the airport I'm excited to hang with him again. (RP)
My buddy and I got bored one day. We some exchange pills, so we made a bet. We would each make a video on Exchange and post it on Reddit. The person with the most views would win. Winner gets to pick the punishment. I thought my video was pretty good but it never got uploaded and I lost the bet.
In this idea, you would play the gay brother of my gf , by using the power to body switch you control my gfs body and try to have some fun with me while we are on a trip (M4ApF)
Hey everyone im looking for more people to rp spooky island rps it’s based off of scooby doo (2002) if anyone is interested let me know in the comments i have a few plots id post a picture and a story to it but im out of ideas currently
Without much guidance magic can be a hell of a thing. Apparently if you aren't careful with your spells, they just bounce back. I tried to turn my girlfriend into a maid, but the spell wrapped around me. Now here I am, doing whatever she says until she releases me. It's been hours!
“Uhhh, dude? You might want to see this” I sigh. “What now, just let me enjoy my meal. Man, this is good!” My friend freaks out more in the living room, listening to the news. “…contaminated dairy from the Newark farms, hormones pumped into cows, ruined cheese.” He ran to warn me but it was too late
There was this new clinic downtown for laser therapy. I, Alex Jackson, star of the swim team decided to go in for laser hair removal to make me more aerodynamic. Somehow my file got confused with Alexandra Jackson, a total bitch/slut. And once you have laser dick removal, it can’t be reversed. (RP)
My friend sent me to talk to his girlfriend after she threatened to break up.“If you think he’s so great why don’t you date him?!” Next thing I remember was waking up alone in her apartment staring back at her body through a phone screen. “come over babe your friend convinced me” I texted w/ a smile
Tifa thought Marle was the best janitor anyone could ask for. She was even a grandma figure for her since she moved to Midgar. Little did she know, however, that the old lady used regularly some powerful Materia that allowed her to take possession of the athletic young girl to have some fun...
I had unpacked everything from the car except for my gender change cocktail. One tablespoon in a glass of water and you become a cute girl for 6 hours. But when I get to my car, I see you chugging it. “Stop!! That’s not juice!!” (RP)
"No-Stop it! Give it back!" I shouted to my sister. I had used a magic wand to morph into one of her best friends. She was disgusted. "If you wanna be Nancy so bad here!" She shouted. "What are you doing-!" I gasped as she snapped the wand in half. I hadn't just morphed into Nancy, we had swapped
I was out with a friend today and we decided to get ourselves some milk tea before we go to the movies. After drinking, I couldn't help but notice people staring at me. I didn't know at the time that you were the one who placed something weird on my drink...(RP)
Apparently, there's something known as a cursed forest. Whoever wanders in here at midnight will find themselves lost as someone else. I was stupid enough to try, but mostly due to the fact I'm homeless and had nothing to lose. It looks like I had everything to gain--a better life. (RP)
The philosophy teacher approached me one day and told me that if I lived like her for 2 weeks without anyone noticing the change, I would pass the semester. I accepted and now I am about to leave school to enjoy this sexy body little did I know that she I had a husband and that I should please him.
Well I’m glad I could finally make a legal swap with my daughter it turns out the procedure can be expensive without insurance. So I’ve taken on a second job as a “maid” for a local rich man to pay my debt. My new “dad” would flip if he knew what I was doing with his old body.
We had been dating for just a few months but you showed me an app on your phone that promised to swap two people’s bodies. I wanted to test out your body first and it’s so much fun!
After me and my friend found out about x change pills, we decided to make a bet and the loser would have to be the other’s girlfriend for a day, I ended up losing, but after the night he just gave me, i think i’ll take an extra-strength and stay as his girlfriend!
[F4GM] Black and White
This is my friend after I corrupted his mind and body using the Reality remote. I changed not only his body but his entire psyche to do nothing but serve. Currently he’s crab walking simply to humiliate himself and show off he’s been used.
It was 4 in the morning when I woke to a strange noise, thats when a bat flew into my room and right into my chest. “This’ll have to do, but were gonna have to make some changes”, I heard in my head, and suddenly I looked like this! I was more than confused but I think I kinda like it…
I was a part timer at a local Japanese market when some Karen lady came in and started getting upset with our selection saying it was too "Oriental." This really annoyed me so if she was gonna be inside our store, she should atleast be the right idea. Love the way her english is so broken too. (Rp)
My buddy’s wife is still new to this country so I’ve agreed to help her out by turning her into a bodysuit with the costume gun and giving her a first hand POV on life in America. As you can tell it’s an arrangement that comes with plenty of perks for me as well. Sex in particular is the most fun.
I walk into the living room. “Hey dude, where’s all her skirts? I need something to wear later.” I ask in Moms body. We were brothers who recently found a possession stone and took turns possessing our mom on the weekend. It was my turn and I was going to a Chic concert in her body with her friends.
I hit the jackpot on the Crazy Rich Asian slot machine!! I thought I was about to become crazy rich but somehow I became Asian and female. Now I have to convince my best friend who I used to be!
"Come on, you can't seriously expect me not to flaunt this, right?" Ever since the great shift, I'd been dressing up... in all sorts of outfits, and then live streaming to loads of people. I didn't even play games... I talked down to all of them?!
For the past few weeks, I’d been taking temporary x-change pills and filming TikToks to make a bit of extra cash on the side. None of my family knew. That was until you had tried to come into my room without warning… (RP)
We were business partners, we’d come up with the idea to possess people in airports and sit on their flights for them. We’d taken our bodies in the departure lounge, a young couple and I’d drawn the short straw- the girlfriend. “Again? Are you serious?” I moan in her voice
Trying to incorporate as a girl after getting traits and parts of my body exchanged by accident in a swap clinic was hard. Here I am, returning to work, but sometimes my new exhibitionist side gets out in the middle of... risky places and situations.
“I’d stay down if I was you” I say in your voice, leaning over the large, unhealthy, male body I just swapped you into. “The boys are going to love this!” I say excitedly, I’d finally managed to use a spell to trade my old body for a new, upgraded version, yours.
The philosophy teacher approached me one day and told me that if I lived like her for 2 weeks without anyone noticing the change, I would pass the semester. I accepted and now I am about to leave school to enjoy this sexy body little did I know that she I had a husband and that I should please him.
New Sister 3: It Was The First Time We’ve Gone Out Since My New Change. Mainly To Test If You’d Be Hunted By Police Or Not. I However, Was Happy To Get Some Fresh Air
Yo, would anyone want my spiritless, but living body? I had a humongous migraine, then was randomly booted out of, her, a few hours ago, which I thought would be a major inconvenience (at best), but, as it now turns out, was a blessing: I get to look at her gorgeous butt all day. And you can too. ;)
(M4F RP) a 3 ft tall body with no arms wasn't what you had in mind when you signed up for a random swap. You have amazing tits and a great ass though so finding help should be easy.
My stupid sister was going on a school trip but ofc she had errands to run just before leaving and didn't wanted to come all sweaty, so she offered me 10 bucks to swap bodies for the afternoon, letting our dead drop me as her at the meting place where we would meet to swap back so she could go (rp)
Being Sick After My Time Traveling Across Country Seemed Like It’d End Normally. I’d Just Get Over The Cold, And Frankly, It Seemed Like I Did Fast. But, That’s Because My Body Did What It Could To Protect Me, And I Never Thought This Would Be The Way It Would.
Roleplay - it was just supposed to be a little fun for you. having a one off affair with 56 year old, chubby Sonia the police officer. but when your wife found out, she freaked out "so you likw that fat body so much, you can have it forever" now you're no longer a fit 25 year old man but Sonia
You wanted a new body and life, so you went to the swap clinic. But they could only allow to do a permanent swap, and it had to be with someone waiting in the lobby. All of them are interested with swapping with you. Who did you choose and why?
Me and my english teacher got on very well, I often came to her when I needed help. So when I started to have a breakdown due to my exams she offered a solution, an illegal one albeit but I was desperate. That’s how I ended up in her house….in her body about to send her some pre-exam motivation…..
when the great shift happened i got swapped with my chubby neigbour. (rp
My roommate found a remote at a thrift store and bought it for some reason. He tried it on our tv but nothing happened but as I got up and walked past the tv he pressed the change button. My whole body and clothes changed so I freaked out and ran to the mirror. (Rp in dms)
When I woke up this morning I immediately noticed everything was wrong. I didn't feel quite right, nor was this my bedroom. A glance in the mirror revealed the chubby prude university librarian looking back at me. Before long a message arrived on her phone, sent from my own number. What did it say?
It's been almost a year since Eric and his mom accidentally swapped. He figured the device would never get fixed and he hoped so. Because him and his best friend Zack are ready to take their relationship to the next level. Eric found the ring this morning.
“Is that you in there, did it work?” I ask, I’d downloaded SwapApp onto my girlfriends phone with the intention of putting my best friend in side her- for a bit of fun but is it you, my friend in her or… someone else? (RP)
Your family was illustrious, admired, yet secretly harboring enough debt to ruin its dynasty. The answer, according to your parents, was marrying the daughter of heiress Anna Simpers. But what you didn't know as you arrived at their resort was that her daughter was actually her sissy son. (LIT RP)
Not paying any attention, I was striding towards the exercise bikes at the gym. Suddenly I felt a pressure in my head. I opened my eyes and sat up, but felt very different. I peering down in awe, and grabbed at my large breasts. "So soft!" I thought, as my original self looked at me with confusion.
Hey, so would anybody like to date my body Keisha? I recently upgraded to a brand new one, and have no use for her anymore. Not that she's ugly (in fact, she's gorgeous), but still. Oh, and the best part is that my dog Riley's inside of her, so she'll do anything you want! ;3
Just my luck, the year I take swap class happened to be the first uneven class in school history. Instead of swapping with someone my age I became 30 year old…married Mrs Davis. I thought this would be an easy semester but now I’ll to have to work hard to not be found out, I can’t flunk this class!
My friend was a big fan of Sydney Sweeney, one day he got chance to meet her, A day later we met. Turns out he used dark magic to posses her body, now he wants me to fuck "her body", he wants to be my slut he even want me to record it (if interested to RP message me on kik iamnotbatman2)
“It’s such a shame, I can feel her in here with me, she was so excited for you little holiday together but now I’m here” I tease. I’d be following Toni for months but I finally got my chance, using a spell I found online to possess her in the airport toilets.
I managed do get a sample of She Hulks DNA and reversed engineered a serum to make me a Hulk. It worked, but I must have miscalculated somewhere.
I got my normal order at the Starbucks drive thru, but it turns out someone spiked my drink with a x-change drug. Now I got to find out who did it so they can turn me back! (RP Wanted)
My gf was very controlling, I had to let her know what I was doing at all times. She was furious when she found out I was at a swap party. I explained the situation to you and you had a perfect solution….I just can’t believe I went though with it!
The first weeks after the great shift I was very uncomfortable with my new body. I was put into a 25 year old with a body to die for. Yet I couldn’t help but want to hide. Luckily after months of therapy I was finaly ready to show the new me and now I’m loving showing my body off for everyone to see
Mom Had Desperately Wanted A Break, And I Had Finally Gotten Time Off Work, So I Decided To Let Her Use My Body For Vacation While I Take Hers.
(RP) I discovered my older brother's stash of Playboy magazines and came across a particularly happy-looking brunette. Her smile was so fascinating...I wondered what she liked about posing nude. As I wondered, I got to find out, because I was magically sent me back to the photoshoot in her body!
I’ve always wondered what it was like to be a girl and I finally managed to swap. However to my surprise I swapped into my sisters body and her bf has just came over to her house. (RP)
“Look at this body I found on SwapApp… for free!” I say, showing off. “What do you think?” I ask, stripping my borrowed form.
It was my 18th birthday but last night I took a pill to sleep but turns out it was a wrong pill and now all my friends are coming to the party and I’m stuck like this. (Rp wanted)
I should’ve known something was up when my neighbors sleazy son Johnny offered to feel up his MILF of a mom’s tits. Technically it did end up happening, only the tits were on my chest instead! I didn’t even have time to process before that little rat was ramming me from behind
I was coming home from work when I noticed the storm had gone down. When I tried to fix it, my daughter wanted to help me, but we were hit by an electric current and switched bodies. now she's quite curious about her new body (rp in dm)
I was a loser with no friends I decided to take a xchange pill and go to the club to see if I could make any new friends (rp wanted)
“Who are you?” I ask, walking into our shared bathroom. Unbeknown to me, you, my roommate, was a hopper and you were just about to explore your newest find- some girl from the mall who took your interest.
After swapping bodies with the nerd at college I was loving it. Going from the hot girl to a dude was the best way of seeing life differently! . Since we swapped a lot of things have been hard, especially the thing in between my legs, luckily he decided to help me out for the first time…(RP Wanted)
Swapping bodies with my boyfriend was insane! He still acted masculine in my body. One day his cock was harder than usual and we decided to try out sex for the first time since swapping. Who knew I looked this hot from his point of view and his cock kept growing harder at the sight of me…(RP Wanted)
New Sister 2: After Having Told You About Our Bothched Crime, And What It Did. I Had Stayed With You Until I Could Figure Things Out. Safe To Say, I Was Getting Comfortable.
MY lil sis Started modelling. but yesterday she posted this. I was pissed. idk should I let her do or stop her
I always had a thing for my babysitter when I was young. This didn’t change as we got older as she only became hotter. She also got a boyfriend and I couldn’t stand it. I wanted to posses the boyfriend but ended up in her on their holiday. I guess it’s not bad as I got this sweet body all to myself!
After the lab experiment went haywire in my town while I was a way on a work trip and swapped peoples genders I knew I had to find my friend. I went to his house and when this girl opened up the door I was shocked. Dude is that you. (RP)
This is not how I wanted to find out I was adopted. I was living a normal life with my parents and my older siblings. When I woke up on my 18th birthday, I was a girl. My parents finally told me I was adopted and my birth parents mentioned something about ‘an unholy curse’ but nothing specific. (RP)
I looked up at my former body as I tasted the sweet delicious cum in my mouth. "Gross I even like cum now, change us back I did what you asked" I told my gfs mom in my body. earlier in the day she invited me over for a "suprise" for my gf and when I arrived she swapped our bodies.
after my father's secretary threatened to tell my mom they were having an affair he had her relocated. he offered me a ton of cash to replace her until he could find a new secretary and fire me. all was going well until today when he walked into the office with someone in my body. (RP)
I wanted a break from my girlfriend. She was going a bit crazy and wanted to do some weird stuff. She suggested body swap? The last thing I remember I was wondering what the hell she was chanting, next thing I know I’m nearly fully naked in her room, well I might as well enjoy myself…
'Tonight's the night' i think to myself as i get into position, it has taken 4 weeks of full body undercover work but i was finally in a position to take out my target, a high importance dinner between her and another arms dealer. Just a simple shot and extraction, should be easy enough.
Our Experiment For Science Class Was Going To Be Revolutionary. We’d Use Dark Matter Directly In Large Quantities On The Body And See What Would Happen. I I Volunteered To Be The One Who’s Experimented On….But.
“Aah! No more on the tits or ass, dude! You’ll tear the dress apart!” I had foolishly agreed to attend my best friend’s high school reunion as his date, despite being a guy. But he had a spell book. Now he was going overboard on some last minute adjustments.
Recently, I discovered that I was a hopper meaning that I can swap bodies with other hoppers. The last time I went to my best friend's house, I felt an odd connection with his mom and she did too. It turns out we can swap bodies at will. I never imagined this was possible. I'm loving it!
Rob laughed as he jokingly flexed for Daisy, “Okay let’s swap back.” He was always the kind to make fun of people in the gym especially that actress. He knew he was in great shape. So when Daisy offered to trade bodies so she could be like him, his ego got the better of him. She’d trade back, right?
I always considered myself an entrepreneur, but when I stumbled across possession software, I knew I could make some serious money. So, I did what any businessman would do, offer a chance to possess my girlfriends body for a large fee… you were my first customer.
I really thought I was doing a good job at impersonating Molly. We’d swapped at the towns swap meet on the condition that we had to maintain appearances meaning I had to take on her life. It was going well for a week until her boyfriend asked, “Who are you anyway?”. I was too stunned to speak.
I was the star college QB. Football was fun, I guess, but a lot of hard work. And I had to hide my biggest secret in the locker room, I am obsessed with dick. As soon as the season ended, I went to the swap clinic and pulled up to a team party pretending to be lost. (RP)
“How do I look? This one is… tight” I ask, I’d become addicted to possession pills- loving the way it feels, becoming a new person every day, today was your girlfriend to have some fun with you.
Me and the family where all having a nice family vacation when the great shift hit us all now I’m waiting to see if my new family is okay as we will be stuck like this for the rest of our lives
After my mom left my stepdad, I felt bad for him. He’s such a sweet guy, and she treated him so poorly. Well, after a trip to the swap clinic, I think I can be the woman he deserves! (Rp)
When I swapped with Savannah in Swap class, I immediately felt a strange feeling in my ass. It wasn’t until I could get back to her house that I could confirm she was plugged. But why? Did she do it on purpose knowing we were swapping? Does her bf make her wear it? Something else? (RP)
Ok man, remember, once now you gotta enter the commands in order to modify the reality of my ex-wife so I can finally get revenge on her, I said, but little did i know that you and here were dating and you were entering changes on myself (RP DM)
“Emily came up to me and asked for some help. I assumed it would be some work on her car or something and I said yes hoping for an excuse to use the tools you gave me for father’s day. Well then she got out these rings and asked me to put one on…I did mostly out of curiosity. And….then here we are”
“I might never leave her, I can’t believe you do-look at me!” I exclaim excitedly, checking myself out in the mirror. You’d finally got your Swap software to work but only on this one body- we’d have to take it in turns to be her until you figure it out.
First thing after swapping myself into Poki was to watch some of my fans videos on live stream. One guy sent this and so I decided the guy with the best cum tribute would get a chance to fuck me in real. What do you think was this challenge good enough to get me into trending again?
Georgia lost a bet with her hopper friend. As punishment, she allowed him to enter her body and do whatever he wanted. She thought he’d go and eat a lot, or drink until he got drunk. She was surprised and afraid when he left her house in a very revealing outfit, unable to do anything to stop him.
I think the most cathartic moment of my life was when my childhood bully’s wife approached me for some swap training. Of course I said yes immediately and I even gave her a discount….which is why I didn’t feel too bad using her body to tease my bully!
“Honey, what am I going to do with you?” I say to my husband after the FOSE. He swapped with our neighbor who just finished her junior year of college. “We can’t sleep together anymore and you cannot wear that to dinner. Our son is coming over so we can break the news to him.” (RP)
I catched my breath at the bridge as I could finally see my gf together with my body. Her younger sister didn't like me and swapped our bodies before I was meeting my gf. I was trying to catch up to them the whole time but these things are impossible to walk in! (rp)
I got a text from my moms phone. It said “Dude you wouldn’t believe what just happened come home, I’m in your moms body!” With the text he sent 2 pictures. In the second picture I didn’t know who the guy was. It was my friends gf who also possessed our neighbor. I got home thinking this is a prank..
You half expected not to even find Dr Pero at the lab. His ‘body morph’ pod had been a failure, his work had taken a toll on him, turning him to a decrepit old hermit! Your resignation in hand, you walked in, when this greeted you in his building’s foyer. ‘Well, Assistant Green, what do you think?’
“Is that you in there, did it work?” I ask, I’d downloaded SwapApp onto my girlfriends phone with the intention of putting my best friend in side her- for a bit of fun but is it you, my friend in her or… someone else? (RP)
In hindsight, maybe going straight for a shower after popping a pill wasn't the best idea. I don't know how much time I have spent in here, but it's been a lot and I am not planning on getting out any time soon! How do you guys know when to stop? I could be here all day! Will it be the same in bed?!
I was pretty proud of my abstinence, never wanked or had sex. I was pure, but then I attended my senior frat party and this girl kept hitting on me. eventually pulling me aside to say she wanted me and I told her I was pure and didn't sleep with sluts, she kissed me. I was then looking at myself?
When my girlfriend was selected for a prestigious sorority at a far away university, she was scared of losing me. So scared that she used a spell from her grandmother's spellbook to put me in the body of one of the other new pledges so we can stay close. This is going to be really awkward...
After the great shift i ended up in my neigbours chubby body. After the paperwork i got my life back but i got strange new urges and needs i need somebody to help me aujust! (rp)
My uncles fiancé was spending an awful lot of time hanging out with me. She kept making comments about how sad she was and she slowly broke me down. Then she popped the question and I felt so sorry for her it was impossible to say no. “Just for a week right?” I asked in the car to the clinic.
Our boys trip was turned on it’s head by exchange island. The dynamic completely shifted when I became the only one of us to get a girls body. The rest of you seemed to at least mentally return to teenagers, I had you wrapped around my little finger and all I had to do was flaunt this tight body.
i just can’t help but smile—life is so perfect now! ever since i was able to astral project out of my body and take ava’s, life has been great! i still have a lot to learn, but being a pretty girl makes it so much easier! RP
Family swaps led to great discoveries such as the fact my Grandpa is a sex god! Whenever I get put in a female body I run straight to him to get pounded into oblivion, usually we attract quite a crowd. Tonight it just seems like my aunt is enjoying watching me get fucked in her body!
After turning into a woman this is the only way I kiss any other girl now
"I think it's pretty plain and simple. We gave it all we could. Let's end it like she should and say we are good," the Great Shift had been cruel. Your boyfriend was swapped into a bombshell while you were swapped with a nerd. You've both tried to make it work but opposites don't always attract.
After going on a date with this woman I met on tinder, she came back to my place. We were about to have sex until I felt as if I should tell her I have a swapping kink. I expected her to be disgusted but she was fine and said that she was happy to fulfill it. Fuck she’s good…(RP Wanted)
We finally managed to perfect or at least make our reality changing device testable, the first test, testing the possession feature, with you taking over my mom, she stands in front of you "whatcha wanna talk about?" she asks you as you fiddle with the device.
"Subject appears to act perfectly human, with no real difference between her and an 'actual' human, and is physically attractive" Annie recorded in her lab notes after having successfully switched places with a common housefly, and before entering her own genitals. "Must conduct further research."
My home town installed a new bathhouse in an effort to attract tourism but when I went back I overheard the owners saying some pretty racist stuff about the country these were most prominent in. I decided to make the staff more hospitable, though there english seemed to take a hit, abit broken (Rp)
"I don't know what's softer, my own skin or womens clothes, this is so... weird." I just got back to 'my' car after the swap class swap. College swap class was weird, awkward... and going to end so badly for me. The person who was in my body died... now I'm stuck as this girl forever!
I love this new butt plug! It gives me the power to steal body parts from others around me!
I was having sex with an asian hooker, but little did I knew that making her squirt and ingesting it would transform me into a horny asian girl too.
I took my stepsister out for a walk in the park. A few minutes into our walk, everyone in the park was acting strange. I looked at my sister, only to see her naked up in a tree. I didn’t know it then, but the great shift had hit. Now someone or something was inside her, using her body as their own.
“I said to steal a classy body, what the fuck is this- we’re already late and I paid you top dollar?” I say angrily. I’d hired you, a hopper for hire to be my date to a work party. “What is she? A hooker?” I ask
My girlfriends dad wanted to experience the life of his princess daughter for a while. Shopping with friends, going to college, even some cheerleading. Eventually he also got curious about some other things… that is when he went on his knees and used the lips of his daughter to make me cum.
It might take some time to get used to, but I decided to steal my friend's body for a while. I think it'll be a lot of fun. Can you really blame me?
"Heh... damn you feel fresh, first day out in this body, huh?" A week ago you'd been swapped by the great shift, and today was the first day you ventured outside... and immediately I hopped YOUR new body! "Ohhh so where are we headed? groceries... nah, sex store now."
Am I the perfect size for you?
Gary was on his way to a meeting when suddenly he felt water hitting him and something between his legs before a rush of ecstasy flowed thru him. But it was the sight of breasts and a dildo sliding out of him that surprised him. How was he going to explain he was now in his daughter's friend's body?
My plan was to surprise my mom. Since I moved away for college and my step-sister still lived at home, going to a local college, my plan was to possess her and surprise my mom! I thought I'd pretend to be my step-sister for a little first... which was a terrible idea! (What happened? RP)
Pussy is going out of controlIm even wetter than the last time you saw me ;)
My family thought we had just a very good maid actually I casted a spell on her, forcing her to adhere to anything we told her to do. Today I found a spell to swap our bodies. She was playing along as me, acting as if still under the spell. "Okay fun is over" I say, hearing my family arrive (rp)
The Hall of Worlds leads to many different possible realities. It has a neat trick where it changes you to suit whatever world you’re about to enter. Checking myself out in the mirror I seem to have become a beautiful black woman. I wonder what this universe will be like?
In my old life I’m what you would’ve called a caveman, yes I hunted Mammoths and everything. After dying on an unsuccessful hunt I was reborn eons later in a unrecognizable world. I’ve suppressed my old urges but guys still say I have a “wild side.” If only they knew.
When I went into porn the last thing I thought I'd get was the end of my own stick, if you know what I mean. Being this endowed, Skye and Lena, preferred swapping with me on each of their scenes. Bitches might have a huge BBC fetish, cause I couldn't help it but to cum as soon as it was all in!
I had a boring life that I hated, I was out of shape, gross, and a perv. one day while walking in a park I saw a hot Asian girl and I wished to have her life. later that evening when I went to bed I woke up to find myself in a different house. with tits and an Asian accent, and also a huge cock?
The coach made us play a practice football game today, little did we know that whoever did the worst he would change into the head cheerleader. Apparently I didn't do good enough, but I'm kind of enjoying my new job... (RP
How did I end up swapping bodies with an adult actress? All I know is I was taking photos with some at the adult film awards. Now I’m on set about to shoot a scene.
My mum somehow hijacked our swap making it a three way. I still became my gf but she became my mum and my mum me! As we tried to figure it out I heard my car pull away, desperately I rang my own phone hundreds of times but after an hour I received a text back. We were stuck.
I Told You Switching And Swapping Into A Body Is Easy For Me. All I Have To Do Is Choose To Possess It, And You Didn’t Believe Me. At Least, Didn’t Before I Ended Up Saying Your Favorite Food, Color, And Your Birthday In This New Body.
SwapClass took a whole new meaning in College- it was no longer students swapping but the staff. The professors used the machine to experience spring break- Mr Anderson’s soul was forced into my girlfriend Ava.
"And here you see our newest test model" my friend said. He was a scientist working on making human like robots. He needed to be able to show something to the investors but the actual invention was years from presentable. We figured out I would get an xchange pill and pretend to be his robot. (rp)
Im bisexual so I understand why men go crazy for my kind of body
Stuart was a pervert that would harass all the girls in college. A man saw what he was doing and made a plan to stop him. When Stuart came home after his finals, he saw his innocent older sister exposing her tits on the internet. “Don’t like what you see? You shouldn’t perv on girls then…”
“Ummmm what happened last night??” I post on this girls private Snapchat not knowing why I’m her. I also text my gf the same thing hoping she remembers “I just need answers!!” (RP always open)
My eyes went wide, “what do you mean this change lasts a month ?”. I lost the bet and had to take the x-change pill for a day, but upon further inspection, you told me it lasts a month and started to laugh, “this isn’t funny! You can’t be serious! I can’t be a girl for a month! Do something!”
I tried to move my hair out of the way. I was struggling with hair growth and tried everything with nothing working. You told me that you knew about this shampoo but it might have some side effects, I didn’t pay much attention and instantly bought it. A few days later I panicked seeing what happened
You and me were roommates we both were straight you would always have women over and I could hear you being a great dom till one night you got swapped with one of the girls and she ran off with your body now you need somebody to dom and your new body’s sexuality is taking over
“She said she’d deleted the app- Who are you now?” I ask desperately shaking your shoulders. SwapApp had taken over our lives- countless men able to access my girlfriends body, we couldn’t even grocery shop in peace.
I hadn’t seen my fiancé in months and all of sudden, she text me out the blue to meet. Her name and face had been appearing on several adult websites- she was seemingly a porn star but little did I know that she’d been possessed by you- a homeless man. “What’s this about?” I ask you.
When I logged on to play games with all my friends today... none of them believed what I said. A massive power surge at my apartment block had caused everyone to swap bodies, and I was a girl now! "Hold on! Lemme post a selfie... there! That's me now... no one be weird."
“I did it! Now you can help me turn back, right?” Four years ago, you said if I convinced everyone at college I was a girl and graduated without getting caught, you’d pay off all my debt. So a few surgeries and hormone treatments later, I enrolled. You never said anything about me being a guy again.
Let's make up some very detailed new lives for each other (chat)
Help!
When second puberty hit me it took me a long time until I felt comfortable dating again. Fast forward 2 years and here I am trying on a wedding dress. Will I say yes? I wonder how my partner is doing.. (RP)
"Hey dude, i'm on the parking lot.. Oh i see you" I said as a short girl walked up to your car "The uhh.. party got a little out of hand and they'll try to fix it in a week. I'm not that happy either." i said from my now female body. The swap party ended a little differently than usual.
I would always vent to my cat about my problems, she's a good listener. Turns out my cat was magic and when I was complaining about now having a gf, she transformed into this catgirl! (RP Wanted)
SwapApp was a big trend, everyone had it downloaded- myself included. Unfortunately, I’d scheduled a swap into a random girl but I’d set the date for a years time. Finally the day had come… “where the fuck am I?“ I mutter in my new voice
Swap class the thing that’s in theory fun, but when the machine breaks it’s just not. The last two people that swapped broke it somehow so now I’m starting new life as Hayley. Let’s see if I do better getting a boyfriend, who knows I might even get to know one of the girls that are now guys.
"Sahra! Where have you been?!" I ask after she arrived back home again. I was so worried this morning when I realized that my gf was missing. 18 hours have passed and I called everyone so knew... no one could tell me where she was and I was about to call the police when she knocked on my door. (RP)
for swap class I swapped with the chav slut at first I hated being in her body but after having some fun with it I don't mind much anymore (rp wanted)
My big black bully hated me so much! How I acted like such a bitch… so feminine! But it was only a matter of time before I couldn’t do anything about his future choices, being swapped into the body of my idol: Loren Gray , and forced to be his… Girlfriend!?!?
Micah sighed, exasperated, and lifted up his shirt. "I told you dude, that cursed statue we broke definitely turned me into a girl. Now do you believe me? Dick."
(FtM4F) You couldn't help but shudder as you felt your best friend's throbbing, rock hard cock start to ease in and out of your heat~ "Mmm, what do you think babe? Am I a better boyfriend than any of the men you've been with?" She, now he would tease, eagerly thrusting his hisp faster and faster~
The shift was always known for destroying peoples lives, forcing people to change and become someone else. I tried to stay true to who I was but it’s been difficult this past year. Everyone is finally settling in and others… well they just stay strange
“Ever Since I Had This Second Puberty BS, My Body’s Been Acting Insane. Fuck. Can You Help?”
It’s now a few months since the great shift, and my rich Ex Step Dad was one of the few to get affected. It made me happy because he made my life hell and was a terrible person in general. I recently got a phone call from him saying he not only wants to make amends but wants to be a better person.
I had lost all my money gambling I couldn't pay back the casino so they forced me to take a xchange. and tied me up to being training so I could work at the casino (rp wanted)
Waking up as a woman from the past
She was a selfish and evil women. Her personality was the worst, but her beauty was unmatched in your eyes... You didn't want to be with her, no! you dreamed about being her... and when you woke up this morning. your dream finally came true.
My brother went to the swap clinic because he said he didn't like his body and wanted a new one. When he came home as a woman I was shocked but he seems happy and that's all that really matters. Today he is getting a lot of attention and I think he likes it. (RP)
“I’ll be anyone you want, but after, they’re mine,” says the succubus, but leaving out the detail that with each conquest a portion of your soul would be mine as well (RP in chat or discord, I don’t need paragraphs but please be detailed, if we vibe this could be longer term)
Hoppers were the secretive type, they normally hop in private, sharing bodies amongst their own type but I’d caught you, sliding inbetween the shoulder blades of a girl out shopping. “What are you doing? You can’t just take someone’s body” I whisper, pulling you aside.
Me and my girlfriend were having a normal picnic and having some fun. I saw this weir blue orb thing flying around I thought it was a balloon or something. I saw it approaching us and I ducked. It flew into my girlfriend. Her eyes opened up and apparently the spirit is mad it ended up as the girl RP
You were never this lucky. Two gorgeous women just fucked your brains out. After you came they started talking, "Oh I can't wait to have fun with our new sister." A bit odd as they were looking directly at you. Suddenly you felt a odd sensation. You look down to see yourself begin to transform.
“You wouldn’t believe how desperate students like your girlfriend here are for top marks- she lets me possess her and go on her holiday” l tease from your girlfriends body. “Where are you taking me… darling?”
I masturbated to an old picture of my college crush. Next thing I know, I’m in her body. I guess she’s married with kids. Her breasts are so full, it’s crazy.
Going back to school was something I never wanted to experience. But apparently my neighbors daughter was tired of college and found some way to swap our bodies. Now as she lives my lavish life, I'm stuck in this body for who knows how long. Does she have any clothes that aren't skin tight?
Although its a crime for shapeshifters to turn into a copy of someone else, and of course prostitution is still illegal... theres still a market for this combination, and I supply it. My most common client are dad's going on their 'Business trips', the most requested thing? Daughters and sisters...
Wanna talk swap? 27f
This isn’t exactly what I had in mind or expected to happen when I wished for a new life, but after a few days getting use to everything I realized how great this is. Still I wonder whatever happened to the old me (rp)
Cum talk to me 🖤 ?
No, no, no! Where had my calculation gone wrong? I had invented a time travel device. But when I used it I found myself in this woman's body! It wouldn't be until I saw my reflection that I'd realize I'm in my grandmother's body... and that it was just a couple days until my mother's birthday...
The magical hat had blown onto the beach from seemingly nowhere. I picked it up, laughing about it as I placed it on my head, totally unaware that it gave the bodies of the previous wearer. I looked around, feeling my paradigms of the world changing along with my body, holding the hat firmly.
“I told you, this shit is easy- I mean look at me” I brag in my new voice, I’d hacked this girls SwapApp, giving us unlimited, free access to her body- taking it in turns whenever we wanted to.
"I see you've been taking this pretty well," I said. You looked back and just smiled. It had been a month since you magically turned into a girl, and I wanted to be there for you to help you get over it. Little did I know that this was actually a wish that you made. (RP Wanted)
We had taken swap pills but I just couldn't ,When my girlfriend stood over me and spread my legs ready to shove her cock in I broke down. I spent the night feeling terrible. Finally I made up my mind, even if we couldn't fuck I'd give her something to remember the cock by before we switched back
I hadn’t seen my girlfriend in months, last I’d heard- you were doing porn. However, I approached you when I saw you at a bar, little did I know, an old perverted man had possessed your body for his own pleasure. “Where have you been?” I ask you.
When my dad decided to go on a vacation with me after the great shift I thought he was crazy. I thought it was some way of coping. But when we finally landed he was acting a little different. Were headed to the beach now and that bikini looks amazing. I noticed he turned around and saw me stare. RP
My buddy and I got bored one day. We some exchange pills, so we made a bet. We would each make a video on Exchange and post it on Reddit. The person with the most views would win. Winner gets to pick the punishment. I thought my video was pretty good but it never got uploaded and I lost the bet.
Possess a girl's body and come fuck my man's brains out for me!
The Fose reinvigorated our marriage. I had been thrust into the body of the office receptionist and my wife was now the pervy neighbour. The event was a worldwide tragedy, so to look like we were enjoying it would be seen as scandalous….however by revisiting our teenage haunts no one has to know!
Body Perfection
This woman found my on the street with a sign saying I’ll do anything for money. Well she took that to the extreme booking us in to the swap clinic and swapping us just so I could send her videos of me. I sped off immediately to find her bf, time to see what it’s like to taste cock!
[M playing as F 4A] Never tried it before, but I’d love to do an rp where we travel back to the 1400s and I somehow get stuck as a woman! We have to blend in as a couple until we can get back to 2022!
This woman found my on the street with a sign saying I’ll do anything for money. Well she took that to the extreme booking us in to the swap clinic and swapping us just so I could send her videos of me. I sped off immediately to find her bf, time to see what it’s like to taste cock!
You where enjoying your day off taking a walk in your neighborhood when someone lost control of there car and hit you. Your body was not salvageable so the doctors had to put your mind in artificial body that they where testing out to help patients with severe accident get a second chance at life.
I was successfully able to split my soul into 2 body, one male one female. While my male self remained a submissive person it was my female side which suprised me. The girl inside me was a total control freak and a dominatrix.
(M4A) Your kingdom had entered an impossible to win war, so in an act of desperation, you faked your death and transfered your soul into the enemy's crown princess~ "F-fuck~ you're good at this old man~" Your son would whine as you playfully teased his glans using the tip of your sultry tongue.
(M4TF) "Hehe, whaddya think? They're pretty nice, right?" You'd tease your roommate, playfully jiggling your perfect tits infront of him. It had been almost a month since you've transiioned, and the once confident jock had turned into a stammer mess whenever you were in the room~
Getting my buttplug covered in sweet pussy juice
It had been a few months since ‘The Great Shift’ and since my girlfriends body had walked out the door. This was the first time you’d agreed to meet me and talk this whole thing over. “So, who are you and where have you been these last few months?” I asked my girlfriends body.
"Sahra where have you been!?" I ask after my girlfriend arrived back home again. I was so worried this morning when I realized that my gf was missing. I called everyone she knew, but no one could tell me where she was. After 18 long hours she finally came back home... (RP)
I’d ordered a custom SkinSuit off the dark web- one made to my design and measurements. However, when I returned home to my delivery, somebody was in my house, wearing my suit… but who?
Nice Change of Pace
today while walking I came up on a tennis match. The guy won fair and square "cmon I could play better than that" I holler. the girl turned towards me. "Oh really?" she snapped her fingers and I now found myself on the court in her body "no this wasn't what I meant" I whine turning to face the guy.
‘The Tinder Swindler’ takes on a whole new meaning when you’re a hopper, setting up dates and stealing their bodies for my own fun. ‘So boys, who’s taking me out?’ I text our group chat from her number.
Request
“I Told You I Have Absolute Control Over This Body. Every. Last. Bit. I Hope You Believe Me Now.”
When Poison Ivy raided our offices all the other men died. She said I was unique. Her potion transformed me into a physical duplicate of her. I don't have any of her plant based powers but I'm pretty sure I can make your stalk grow. We just have to plant your seed.
My body was transformed after I experienced second puberty, I needed a job and well when I discovered my sister’s sex toy draw and clothes, I decided start recording videos like this on the internet
New Sister 1: You And I Were Brothers, In Blood And Soul, And Had Broken Into A Bank To Make Our Biggest Haul. In Fear, You Left As I Got Random Chemicals On Me. I Wasn’t Caught Though, Because I Became A “She.” Your New Sister.
Emma was a girl that believed in spirits, and actually managed to make contact with one. It said it never got to say goodbye to its family, and asked if it could borrow her body to do so. Of course she said yes. The spirit then started to play with its new body, intent on keeping it.
“This Halloween shit is easy, your girlfriend doesn’t mind me being inside her… does she?” I ask you, my best friend, finally using my possession powers for a little bit of fun.
Anastasia Cebulska
Am I really going to go through with this? He offered me a life in luxury if I let him transform me into his submissive wife. If I let him put a ring on my finger the deal will be sealed. I know I will grow to love it, I've had a taste of the mental changes involved, but still... I hesitate (AMA)
YUI XIN NEW HD VİDEO 2022
I would always vent to my cat about my problems, she's a good listener. Turns out my cat was magic and when I was complaining about not having a gf, she transformed into this catgirl! (RP Wanted)
You had come home to find me (your girlfriend) and this new black cat. Your girlfriend was acting very strange and very touchy which was unlike her while the cat would not stop whining, pawing and meowing at you. (RP)
“I don’t get it either, every time I put on my VR helmet, I’m here, I’m Lucy- I can feel it all and it feels good!” I moan excitedly, I was explaining to you, my best friend how my newest science project let me be this girl. (RP)
"Don't worry, babe. Everything is fine here. Your friends have no idea. We are out dress shopping. What do you think of this one? Oh! Any luck figuring out how that idol works?" My girlfriend wasn't scared that her friends would figure out we swapped, but that I'd figure out her secret (what is it?)
Is he really going to do this? Am I really going to let him? He knows I'm not really his wife. We were supposed to swap back after the wedding party, but we got dragged away before we had the chance. But... this feels oddly... right. I've really felt like a bride in love with her groom... (AMA)
Anyone want to so an office style body swap rp?
(M4F) I was jerking off to Bryce. So when the great shift came, when i cum i blink for a second. When i open my eyes, i was in Bryce body. But she was still in my head. “Hello? You in there?” I asked in my head. Wondering if you’ll answer. (Long term Rp. Plz be detailed
(M4TF) You never really felt comfortable in your body. But i was there to help you go through life. Now we’re roommates, and you just got your top surgery. You wanted to surprise me, so you made me cover my eyes. When i uncover them, i see you with your new tits out. “Wow, they did a great job” (Rp)
Alanna's Altering Apparel has been super popular! Here's a customer enjoying the new body granted by wearing rainbow knee high socks! What clothing would you order?
Somehow my best friend convinced me to swap bodies with her. I love my body but she didn’t like how she was flat and in her words unattractive. She did have a bf, but little did I know she wanted to swap so she can give him what he wants. After the swap I find her in my body already comfortable..
I recently discovered my friends magic powers. And thought I’d make a bet. Whoever loses at the next game we play gets his whole reality rewritten to be the others girlfriend. Too bad I had a “faulty” controller. (Rp)
“Are you ok in there, Johnson?” My coach asks as I freak out in the bathroom. I squeak. “I’ll be out in a sec.” This is a disaster. For the last week, my body has been changing. I can’t look like this in the locker rooms. I don’t even know how my clothes disappeared. This can only get worse
My wife has been asking me to more assertive in bed for months but its hard for me to believe that she likes it, so for our anniversary I bought swap pills so she could show me first hand, or should I say fist
I walked by the bathroom and hear my daughter on the phone saying things like “yeah dude, I swear. I just woke up as a chick. And she has killer tits. I don’t know, maybe. We’ll see.” Before I hear anything else, I knock on the door. “Good morning sweetie, you almost done in there?” (RP)
Shapeshift reality (open RP)
I owe you big for this dude was all I could tell my friend after he was willing to change into my mom for me.My friend was a shapeshifter, I was failing many classes and I didn't want my mom to know. I just hope we can pull this off. (RP)
Your roommate had told you repetitively to knock before coming into his room and to make sure that you never saw his cock. Today, you ignored those instructions and barge into his room while he had been sleeping in. As your body changes you found out two things in that moment. (continued in comment)
My brother and I (f) were cursed to swap bodies until we made each other cum. We tried dry humping, we found out the hard way it has to be "properly done"
News caught on quick, the local university had invented a possession machine, testing it on students. Eventually, all the faculty were using it on their favourite students. Recently, my girlfriend had been acting, dressing and speaking differently but who could’ve used that machine and why?
I can’t CONTROL my LUST, ever since the gender virus affected my body, almost constantly my pussy is wet, my nipples are hard, my step bro noticed I play with myself all the time, he began filming me, this is the first time he’s got his cock out, why is it so big, why is my mind going blank.
I had finally managed to perfect the device, which allowed me to project my consciousness into the "me" from any of them. I was more than a little surprised that me in this reality was a hot 20 year old college chick. There's just one problem. The new me hasn't made the device yet...
Tits tok [OC]
My long time personal assistant was retiring, she was just too old and couldn’t carry on working. However, none of the new applicants were qualified enough for her role. Instead, I forced her soul into my new assistant, it’s safe to say, you’re enjoying a new lease of life.
After swapping bodies with the popular dude at college I was loving it. Going from the quiet girl to a dude was the perfect confidence booster! It was also helping that he was making my body look hot. Since we swapped I have been going over to his house. Fuck he’s getting good at this…(RP Wanted)
It’s another day in the life of a fitness trainer only this timer rather than helping, this lady decided she was too lazy to do her but so I’ve got to do it for her. Damn this is hard with all this plastic, what the he’ll was she thinking? I don’t know if I want to do this much longer.
My girlfriend was worried about her last semester of college. However, you, her old Professor offered to possess her and do it for her- an offer she quickly accepted, it’s been a week and the difference is obvious. “Are you sure you should be wearing that to college?” I ask you.
Took No Trouble At All. Your Sister Was An Easy Body To Take. And You Can’t Do A Thing About It. I’m Sure You Don’t Mind Though. Possessing Her Did You A Favor.
"What's wrong?" My bestfriend asked me while leaning up against the kitchen counter. My eyes were wide and jaw dropped open as I stared over at him. Unsure what had happened over night but he was looking a bit different now.
My buddy &amp; I were losers, so we had a plan to swap traits with popular guys by inviting the school to a party. The catch? You need to be plastered. Last thing I remember was trading height with the basketball star &amp; my buddy strangely trading with the tiny girl. Us getting drunk too was a bad idea.
I was curious why my girlfriend wanted to go out on the boat so much she never showed any interest before. But now that I know that for my birthday as a prank my dad and girlfriend decided to swap bodies it all makes sense. And to be honest my dad does make a good girlfriend. (RP)
I was having the most amazing dream. Then I started changing. My whole body shifted, and before I knew it, I was looking at a woman in the mirror. But that was just a dream, right? (Rp)
TikTok thot
It Turned Out When I Needed It Most, My Card Expired And I Couldn’t Pay For My Car Repair. But You Had A Pink Pill For Me To Take That Could.
Hopping Around Being An Idiot, I Eventually Found Myself In The Body Of Some Random Woman. I Never Would Have Expected To Be Doing What She Was. Nor For It To Feel Good
Holy crap this can’t be happening, I asked a witch to give me a better life and she turned me into a freaking chick, I don’t know why, but everytime someone tells me to do something, I can only obey, I’m sweating so much, some perverted guy told me to make out with him, and all I could do was obey
**Attention** we have just apprehended the bar man for unsanctioned use of possession pills. All women in the club please head home and report any and all symptoms of possession (if possible) to the club manager!
You're given a choice. Fuck the Red one and when you cum you will swap with her and live out your days as a horny slut. Fuck the Blue one and when you cum you will be absorbed and reborn in the body of your choice but you will lose your memory and start life over.
The neighbor's kid was a complete geek who played video games all day. His parents asked me if I would "help with his social awkwardness and get him out of the house". Thanks to me, he barely touches his pc anymore... (RP Wanted)
While working in the college library, I found a strange book with unique symbols on the side. It was not the libraries book, so I put it in the lost and found. When I got to my room, I found it in my bag. I fell asleep reading it. I woke up like this and constant everlasting arousal burning in me.
It didn't take too long after getting swapped before you were going out to clubs dressed like this.
You finally started paying me to use xchange and model your designs. But you were getting popular so I barely had anytime as a guy. you didn't seem to mind. (rp)
before I was put into a females body I would go to the gym everyday. now I go to the gym but I have a different workout strategy now (rp wanted)
Six months ago I made a wish to 'Live a better life'... turns out that meant turning me into an alternate version of myself! I was a struggling student as a male, but as a woman I was topping College gymnastics! Now I just need a boyfriend... or girlfriend!
I found a magical necklace everytime I put it on I turn into a goth girl. this is my outfit for today what should I do (ama rp wanted)
Away from the glitz and the glamor, soccer players just want to the quiet life so my girlfriend and I offer a unique service, possess her body to live a normal life for a bit- the whole squad take it in turns. “Getting used to the surroundings, are we?” I ask, walking in on you after your possession
Had a crush on my own sister,felt guilty about it.Decided to tell my best friend about it to relieve some burden.Next day suddenly my sister walked into my room fully naked,turns out my friend used dark magic to possess her body and now he wants me to fulfill my fantasy(if interested to rp comment)
“Look at this fucking thing! Look at me!” I text my group chat with a photo attached. A rich girls family paid me to hop their daughter to take her driving test- although, I only offer a weeks minimum hop. “So, who wants a ride with Darcy?” I text the group again.
"I'll get us back to normal soon okay babe" i say looking for the remote i used to change our lives, a reality changing remote i did not think would work. "It, it was right here wasn't it" i look everywhere but can't find it "we...we're in trouble aren't we"
Would you jerk off to my tittydrop if I sent you some?
I was having sex with my girlfriend, just as I came, I was distracted by my dumb little sister playing a Miley Cyrus song in her room next door. Suddenly I was sat in an unfamiliar bathroom. My mouth tastes weird and I'M PISSING IN A SINK?! I don't want to be in this gross body! "Where's my cock!?"
'nothing to be worried about, just a talk, nothing special' i think to myself, sitting in the lobby of a fancy hotel, waiting for the partner of the shifted girl i found myself in to arrive. I need to get into the apartment to get her stuf and find a way back to my actual home, acros the country.
Pulling Him To Nut His Load Balls Deep
And the best tits award goes to...
My sister though it funny to turn me into a girl for a day and our mum agreed! She even told mr that if I don't tag along my sister for the day I will stay like this for the while week! I'm the smaller one on the photo (rp)
No Mercy For Anal Virgin While She Cries [00:00]
I had a kink for swapping and was too shy to admit it to any of the prostitutes I had hooked up with. That was until today when I met Addi who also admitted she had a swap kink. I asked her if she would like to swap for a payment and she agreed. Once we swapped one thing led to another…(RP Wanted)
"Babe seriously we just swapped bodies you really think I'm in the mood to kiss myself?" my girlfriend want to take picture together on her new phone. After enough begging I give "ok but just one" she pressed the green button and suddenly I was holding the phone which fell to the floor. "What the.."
Big Tits And Body Perfection...
That night I felt ecstatic as I was finally learned how to transform into a woman. I always wanted to know how it feels to have sex as a woman. Now I am determine to use my powers to learn.
As someone in Witness Protection I had to be swapped into a cloned body for my safety. I can't even show my face as it's someone who's famous hope y'all understand.
It was our monthly father-daughter day out. I go out with my daughter for a day at least once every month. It was fun. However this time she wanted us to try something different and wanted us to swap bodies. I reluctantly agreed and here I am in her body as she takes these pics of me…(RP Wanted)
My Dad would constantly burst into my room while I was gaming, trying to get me to excersise and get off the game, but I was getting fed up with it. So after a few changes, I found away that we could both approve of. I get excersise and still get too play my games. (Rp)
They big enough? Maddie W
Look, I’m still trying to hone in my powers. Shapeshifting isn’t easy you know. But thank you for stealing that girl Vanessa’s bra again. It helps when I have the item of someone else to use. And voilà, how do I look? Be honest, because I’m not staying like this for long
“See, no big deal, it makes me less gay if you think about it. Not even enjoying it.” To join Kappa Upsilon Mu, the hazing must be done in a donor body to avoid being illegal. There are many trials, and I’m going to be a brother. If that means swallowing my pride and riding a dildo, so be it
An off-hand comment from you, my gynoid maid, had made me curious about how you experienced life. It had grown into a bit of an obsession, and finally, I had arranged to swap us, and ordered you to become me. You would be the owner and I would be the gynoid maid until we swapped back...
1 month ago I was a nerdy adult who would get bullied a lot in college. One night I was bored and tired of life and found this app called your lucky star it was said to grant 3 wishes my first wish was to become popular. Today when I woke up I was this girl. (RP)
I admit, I was way more into porn than I should have been. When I saw a contest for a unique, private experience with my favorite pornstar, of course I signed up and I even won! The prize, though, was me possessing her body and her walking me through a day in her life... [Love to roleplay this!]
Young Latina GODESS 🤩🥵 come talk to me 😏 Onlyfans in bio 🌟
Me and my Weeaboo friend were on a trip to Japan. I could tell how unawaringly racist and cringey he was being to everyone. People all over were giving him looks of disapproval. When I woke up the next morning, in his bed was this asian girl, that spoke in heavily accented broken english (Rp)
I was beginning to get annoyed by the business men entering my forest, attempting to destroy it. As soon as I found the ring leader I began transforming him into one of my special forest nymphs who worked for me now, in more ways then one. (Rp)
The police are onto me, I’m sure of it- any day now, they’ll kick down my door and find my stash of illegal Skinsuits that’s why I’m giving them away, take your pick…please! (RP in comments)
Me and my friend got on the escalator behind this hot chick. He keep poking at me to talk to her. I gave him a shove and said "why don't you?" he gave me an even harder shove, pushing me into the girl as we both knock heads and tumble to the bottom. "oww my head" I say in a girlish voice.
I just wished that I would could be popular and for people to like me! I didn’t wish to be a girl!!!! (RP)
I hated Miley Cyrus, her music had always sucked, plus she was gross! Her disgusting flat ass twerking and her crazy sex life was revolting to me. My little sister always loved her and took revenge by somehow putting me in Miley's body. "What the fuck? Am I pissing!? Gross!" AMA/RP
Finishing all my classes for the day in my new life I wonder what to do next so I wait outside campus planning for the next phase of the day
I bought a desk just to do this
Your paternal grandmother just passed away and you were her oldest grandchild. At the will reading, it’s revealed that she was gifting you the family magic. There was a lot of whispers in the room and you started changing. You run upstairs and your parents follow. “Son? Let us in.” (RP)
News caught on quick, the local university had invented a possession machine, testing it on students. Eventually, all the faculty were using it on their favourite students. Recently, my girlfriend had been acting, dressing and speaking differently but who could’ve used that machine and why?
My wife wanted a threesome and I agreed. She gave me a pill and said this will be fun. After taking the it the next thing I realised that I was licking a dick with my wife and I was enjoying it so much that I wanted to push her and take it all for myself.
Tenancy agreements aren’t what they used to be- landlords including clauses to do ‘Spot Checks’ on their property with no warning and not in their bodies. Legally allowing to possess tenants, like my girlfriend here- this is your 5th ‘Spot Check’, this week.
My sister thought it funny to turn me into a girl for the day, our mom found it funny and said I have to tag along my sis for the day or she doesn't have to change me back! (rp)
I went to bed as me and woke up as my girlfriend!!!! Dm me if your interested in role-playing this
My sister was about to marry a complete asshole. So I took an X-change clone to get her out of it. Everyone but the fiancé knew, so now I just need to play it up! (Open for rp)
An off-hand comment from you, my gynoid maid, had made me curious about how you experienced life. It had grown into a bit of an obsession, and finally, I had arranged to swap us, and ordered you to become me. You would be the owner and I would be the gynoid maid until we swapped back...
All natural mom of 3 here (45f)
me and my sister would swap bodies all the time until she died in my body leaving me in hers and everyone thinking I was dead (rp wanted)
After gaining the ability to possess anybody I decided to possess my teacher to get a better grade to my surprise found out he’d been having a affair with his daughter
You Found Out I Possessed The Body Of Your Sister, And Oddly Didn’t Show Any Anger. Though, It Soon Came That I Realized Why
after I won the lottery my sister expected me to share the money with my family. when she found my plan to run away forever she intervened. this morning I woke up feeling strange with a gross but sweet flavor in my mouth. she swapped my body with her slutty best friend's. (RP)
I had spent weeks looking through the SwapClinic catalog, and had finally found the most beautiful new body. When I got it I realized she had been covering up the freckles with make up, but I think I'm actually even cuter now letting them show.
Giselly BIG Angel
After my mom died I was left with my step father who was an asshole. Thankfully, I was able to get rid of my father and replace him with a hot step mom that was a lot more supportive... (RP Wanted)
happy birthday 🎂
“Hi honey…yep no everything is going fiiiiine” I try not to sound too different. My daughter was nervous and asked me, her father, to go in her place to the first day of her new job. I realise why she was nervous…her boss is a total stud and to initiate me he put a pleasure egg inside me!
My parents witnessed a crime and the whole family had to go into witness protection, I guess I shouldn’t have been so rude to the guy who swapped us because he made me the family maid! My mom says if I don’t do a good job I’m fired!
Real woman dm to chat 😉😈 17-30
I swapped with my shy sister to help her on a swimming date with her boyfriend! I don’t know why she was so anxious about getting undressed in front of him, I’m loving this body, especially after the few drinks that Brad gave me.
I agreed to let my friend turn me into a girl and take me on a free vacation to a couple's resort. Only after we arrived did I learn of the theme of the couples resort... Worst thing is, he must have done something to my mind, because I'm starting to get turned on...
"Oh my god, Johnny! You said you would warn me before you take Andrea's body!" but I'm not disappointed, only a little surprised, and more than a little turned on. I was devastated when I was sent to all girls school, but my bf had found a way to be with me, anyway. I loved these surprise visits...!
I took xchange pills and turned into my GF. Her bull was texting her to come over n he showed up and i couldnt resist…
for swap class I got the quiet shy girl. I was a bit annoyed that I would have to pretend to be her for the next 6 months without anyone knowing we swapped bodies (rp wanted)
My wife and I were having a kink Renaissance now that our son left for school. We were pushing things even further when she bought me a new-u suit and told me to spend the day as her sexy latina maid. She didn't tell me our son was coming back today! Dios mio!
Me and girlfriend went to a cheap hotel, we didn’t know it was cursed, it changed our genders, our clothes and increased our sex drive, we fucked for nearly two days straight, I hope we return to normal
When the gender wave hit, me and my best friend were hanging out and playing video games. Of course, we stopped right away to play with our new bodies together!
Aggressive Negotiations
Finals Week at colleges are the best time to search for young bodies at the swap clinics. this first year freshman was so cute, I couldn’t pass up on the opportunity! (RP)
My girlfriend's mother always complained that she had a bad relationship a few years ago, I told her that she should only fight more for it. Angry, she swaps lives with me to show her if it was as simple as i said: here I am, with my husband in a luxurious hotel for our anniversary.
I stared at my reflection in sadness. I was once a super Popular jock but because this stupid nerdy fat chick jacked off to me during the FOSE we swapped bodies! Now I’ve lost all my friends and the ones I try talking to don’t believe me! (RP WANTED! :)
Rayanne Bitancourt
Ever since the great shift, I've become a sort of... Idol? It's super weird to say but a lot of men turned women look to me for help! I started a social media presence and... well, taught men how to be women! The best part is my supportive girlfriend... who LOVES taking a Blue X-Change pill :)
I love when he shoots every other rope inside
After finding a book that gave us the ability to enter someone else’s body me and my friends all decided to take turns possessing our class teacher and try on loads of fun outfits which style suits our body best?
Anyone here into goth girls with big tits? [OC]
She wanted more
Seriously, they smell like aged cheese and taste like sweat! Ugh! ...Did I really NOT clean them all that well?
I took a job as a house maid but I wasn’t exactly a woman so I had to take an X-change Milf every time I went to work, but the master of the house got a little too comfortable with me as a woman so he decided to pass the time by fucking me, thanks to him the reverse pill doesn’t work anymore
Why do people delete their accounts?
When some asshole commented under my friends tiktoks, calling them thirst traps and cringe. I had to get rid of this sexist the best way I knew. Give him a taste of his own medicine. In one day he was already getting thousands of views with the tiktoks I forced him to make, and he hated it (Rp)
When some asshole commented under my friends tiktoks, calling them thirst traps and cringe. I had to get rid of this sexist the best way I knew. Give him a taste of his own medicine. In one day he was already getting thousands of views with the tiktoks I forced him to make, and he hated it (Rp)
When some asshole commented under my friends tiktoks, claling them thirst traps and cringe. I had to get rid of this sexist the best way I knew. Give him a taste of his own medicine. In one day he was already getting thousands of views with the tiktoks I forced him to make, and he hated it (Rp)
Alberta was in the beach with her family, while exploring the beach, she accidentally stepped on the swap beach which was near and swapped with someone there. The stranger inside her body told her parents to go to the car because she was "tired", but it was an excuse to explore her body.
I had an argument with my best (female) friend and she swapped our bodies to annoy me, but when that didn't bother me, she tried to teach me a lesson another way
When I saw an opportunity for a college scholarship if I volunteered for a science experiment, I took it. They had me put on this realistic suit and told me to wear it for nine months. "I still don't understand why I have to always wear a bikini... and is my stomach suppose to be growing like this?"
Somehow my best friend convinced me to swap bodies with her. I love my body but she didn’t like how she was flat and in her words unattractive. She did have a bf, but little did I know she wanted to swap so she can give him what he wants. After the swap I find her in my body already comfortable..
My friend got me to possess his sister so we could hang out more, but he didn't like how I was dressing in her body. At least, he claims that, yet it seems he's getting more comfortable with it
When your best friend’s wife caught him cheating, she called you over to help her get revenge. She had used a strange device to turn him into a copy of the young woman he cheated on her with. Now she wanted you to come over and fuck him, making sure to embarrass and humiliate him. (Chat to RP)
A few months ago, my girlfriend (in black) came out as lesbian. Being sure she’s the one for me, I went to the swap clinic. I think she’s happy with the results! (Rp)
(M4F RP) You got tricked into this bodysuit. Now you need a n electric wheelchair to even get around and you can't undo the zipper because you don't have hands.
You’d been sick for about a week, but you were too stubborn to go to the doctor. They have medication to prevent second puberty, but can’t reverse it once it’s happened. When your dick was fully gone, you finally decided to go to the doctor. (RP)
Rainbow socks and rolling eyes!
My treacherous older cousin, the Duchess Sophia, had secretly had me assassinated so she could take the throne in my place! But my loyalists had been conspiring, too. Suddenly I found myself in Sophia's distractingly attractive body, "So, its come to this, has it? What is our next move, then?"
When my friend saw me playing Animal Crossing he said that the games was only for girls. After a few minutes of him trying it out...alongside my reality warping talent, he was so enraptured he didnt even care about the way I was playing with him. (Rp)
I knew she was trouble and I picked up the phone anyway. Next thing I knew she swapped us and said we will only swap back after I give the perfect tit job.
Oh my god!!! I’ve woken up as Taylor Swift! This isn’t good! Fuck what am I going to do? (RP)
My best friend offered to pay for my appointment at the swap clinic. I was happier than I’d ever been. His simple terms were that I move in with him, and I was fine with that, but now I see why. (Rp)
Phatt phatt
I'd made a special deal with a god of the woods I lived in, where i'd begin bringing sacrifices in return for her ability to warp reality. Well after bringing this homeless man, I didn't realize i'm sacrificing them by making them a new person. Lets just say im liking the new angsty goth teen (Rp)
This photo was taken mere seconds before the great shift hit, the poor guy taking it was amongst the ones to stay unswapped, unaware that in a couple of seconds his date would start acting very, very different. Millions of people swapped, millions of combinations, who would end up in her body?
She was my first female client as a swap trader and for the most part nothing really changed. However as the months went by she got more and more comfortable during our sessions until at one point she interrupted me mid work out, cock in hand. How many chances am I going to get to suck my own dick?
My girlfriend suffered from multiple personalities, she has a few in her head and they come out from time to time. She usually can control it but sometimes they take over. We were on a date today and her male personality Chad took over. Chad loves her body a whole lot. (RP)
Nothing to watch on the TV, any suggestions to relieve my boredom?
Best tits you ever see
When I agreed to go undercover they didn't tell me they were swapping me into the drug lords girlfriend. It's been 6 months, between the cocaine and his big dick I haven't had a chance to build up a case.
I had moved away a while back and found an older guy that treats me like his pet. I love it so much! He’s given me hormones and surgeries to truly be his pet. I text him while he’s away for work “I miss you daddy.” Then I look at the contact. Shit! I wanted to send it to ‘daddy’ not ‘dad’. (RP)
“Oh hey honey! Foods almost ready.” Your father smiled as you walked into the backyard. He was grilling in just a bikini and an apron. It was weird seeing your mom’s body but knowing it was really your dad in there. Somehow your dad managed to win your mom’s body in the divorce. (Chat to RP)
When some asshole commented under my friends tiktoks, calling them thirst traps and cringe. I had to get rid of this sexist the best way I knew. Give him a taste of his own medicine. In one day he was already getting thousands of views with the tiktoks I forced him to make, and he hated it (Rp)
"The sugar baby life is amazing! I can't believe you have convinced me to swap gender permanently, but I must say that day to day you do what I don't want to return to my old life!"
Help! I just wanted to work at the the strip club as a bartender or something, not this! When I was hired, the manager said that my body was “too good to not have on display!” Next thing I know, I’ve lost control of it! (RP)
"Dude you have to start paying me. I'm tired of being a chick in skimpy clothes " I said as I modeled your skimpy clothing. You were an a fashion designer with no female model. I've been helping you out for free to help you get recognized.
My best friend offered to pay for my appointment at the swap clinic. I was happier than I’d ever been. But his terms were that I move in with him, and… now I see why.
I was in a bit of a bind. The only swap clinic was over 3 hours away, and I couldn’t drive. I paid my brothers best friend to take me, and… well… now he’s my boyfriend. (Rp)
My “best friend” decided that it would be best to wipe my mind, and change reality to make me his girlfriend. And that’s all I remember from before. Now, I spend my time taking care of the house, and him. (Rp)
Apparently, back at my apartment a gas leak caused everyone to swap their genders in the building. Luckily for me I was out at my job at the time before it could effect me. I finally was able go into my apartment and I saw my new roommate who used to be my friend and he makes a hot woman. (RP)
"It sucks being this short!" I cursed as I tried to reach more peaches without having to move the ladder. Our mum had it enough with me and my sister fighting so she swapped our bodies to teach us a lesson, starting with doing each other's chores (rp)
Two years ago, I saw an ad that was willing to pay $500/a day for basic chores. Sure I’ve had to dye my hair, get breast implants, and fuck him, but I’m basically a millionaire now. I’m signing marriage papers tomorrow, so I can get everything when he passes away. Having a sugar daddy is great. (RP)
I knew the spell wasn't complete but i still decided to do it. I have lived a sad life as a man and wanted to desperately change it so decided to take the risk. Well the results were better than what I wanted.
I was on a TV Show called roleswap roulette. Everyone in a group of 20 would go on vacation for a while with each other but the stipulation is that you'd have to try and assume your new body's role for that season. I wasn't so thrilled when I got stuck with Tiffany but the audience seemed to like it
When my dad died 3 years ago, my stepmother decided she wanted another daughter to compliment the two she had already. She took me out of school and moved us. Then she changed me into the daughter she wants, and she’s finally ready to show her to the world. But I want to be me! (Chat for RP)
Your sister always had the best birthdays and yours sucked. You were lucky if any of your friends even said happy birthday to you. So your birthday wish was that you were as popular as your sister. (RP)
Me and Jamie were homeless and begging for anything we could get. That was until two young men offered us something life changing. They took us too a van where these two girls where passed out then everything went black. This is me and Jamie two weeks later god knows what happened too those two!
Taking Your Ex’s Body Was My Greatest Achievement, Especially Since I Did Far More With It Than She Did. All It Took Was About 3 Months At The Gym And She Looks Brand New
"Look miss Clemens, I'm sorry you're failing my class but got an F on every exam I gave you, swapping our bodies won't change anything, the grades are closing tonight" I tried to explain to you as you swapped us as soon as we met this morning in the school hall after you said you wanted to talk (rp)
heyy everyone! My name is Emma and im a so called swap fit trainer. You get my body for as long as needed while ill get yours fit in no time! I only accept female bodies for certain reasons. Message me when you are interested and we ll discuss the details!
When I wished to become a famous celebrity, I didn't know I was going to be transformed into Neekolul! Now I need to do these stupid Tik Tok dances to entertain my simps... (RP Wanted)
I had been going to the gym for years after the great shift happened I still go to the gym but no I workout on different body parts (rp wanted)
I was staying at a hotel in the city so I'd be close to the Adam Clinic, the only hospital that studied the gender flu. They'd gotten nowhere and I was stressed so I finally relented and went for a midnight dip in this stupid bikini. But then a group of kids my age coming out to swim. I got to go...
When I asked my wife for a threesome with her best friend, I was shocked that she agreed. It wasn't until later that I learned the caveat was that I'd take an X-Change pink though, and that her friend would take a blue pill.
I was playing some games on my friends account who happened to be a girl. When I easily destroyed some guy messaged me saying that there was no way he was losing to a girl. So, like any good upstanding man, I decided to not only take his game skills, but his manhood too. (Rp)
When the cops tried to arrest me I had to try one last trick id learned from my many years as an escape artist. Not only did reciting the spell cause his body to change but his added on chubbiness combined with his massive chest and barely fitting clothes made it impossible to catch me. (Rp)
Valkyrae has some news for her followers, she has just recently baught a Billion dollar Skinsuit of her best friend Poki. She starts to do 'poki streams' on her twitch, but everything gets weird when poki does the same to her. (RP)
“Ok I understand you wanted a new best friend but this is not what I had in mind.” A close friend of mine had a really bad fight with her old bestie, I’m her “replacement” which apparently means wearing this skin suit. (Open to RP)
"Yes, i'm going to do this" I tell you after the great shift, i used to be an okay fighter, spending my weekends in illegal rings to earn money, now after the shift i have decided to start over, having lost a couple of years and with all my old experience, i will make this work.
I had gone to the clubs last night I was hooking up with this girl all night but decided go home early she seamed annoyed the next day I was in a random house and the girls body I had been hooking up with (rp wanted)
Your best friend was the “pure” type of girl. If it weren’t for her conservative nature, you probably would’ve been dating already. However, she started acting weird lately. She would text you how horny she was, even sending videos of herself showing off her body. What could’ve happened to her?
before the great shift I would go to the gym everyday. now I barley go to the gym once a week it's hard when every guy is staring at me when I try to workout (rp wanted)
The Ring (M2F)
Can someone do a RP with me? I wanna do a rp where we play an engaged couple and we swap genders a week before the wedding and everyone remembers us in our new bodies. I become a woman and you became a man.
I was drinking at a party with a few of my friends having a good time. I was having such a good time in fact that I didn't notice them slip something in my drink while they laughed. Although judging by their expression it didn't do what they thought it would. I feel different though.
(MTF4A) It’s been over a month after my second puberty. You haven’t seen me in a few months, but with the help of your family, you know what happened to me. Today, you came back from the trip. I and your parents gave you a little welcome party. That’s when you saw the new me. (Wholsome rp)
The only thing I remember from last night is going to the bar. I must have blacked out because I don’t remember anything else. Now I woke up with a massive headache and a woman’s body. (RP)
“You didn’t think this through did you” I stand there pissed off “think about what?” My friend says “Think abou what?!! You didn’t install a reverse option onto your little transformation gun, I told you to make sure you could reverse this, but no you had to leave me stuck in the body of your crush”
I was staying at a hotel in the city so I'd be close to the Adam Clinic, the only hospital that studied the gender flu. They'd gotten nowhere and I was stressed so I finally relented and went for a midnight dip in this stupid bikini. But then a group of kids my age coming out to swim. I got to go...
Months after the Great Shift, Tom was still not used to his girlfriend Natalie being in his sister's body. Since the change, Natalie hadn't been able to convince Tom to do anything intimate with her, so she decided to send him a signal he can't ignore.
Can someone do a RP with me? I wanna do a rp where we play an engaged couple and we swap genders a week before the wedding and everyone remembers us in our new bodies. I become a woman and you became a man.
How our lives have changed in such a short time- we were living paycheque to paycheque, unable to make ends meet. Now, you, a recluse billionaire pays us a huge amount to possess my girlfriends body for a few days a month.
[A4A] M2f gilf. Your body stolen by a gilf
When I wished to become a famous celebrity, I didn't know I was going to be transformed into Neekolul! Now I need to do these stupid Tik Tok dances to entertain my simps... (RP Wanted)
She finally accepted me as her host. Excellent. All last night, I slithered my slimy body into her tenderness. She awoke, and she began a battle for her body. But she tired quickly, and I got further and further until I reached the brain. Finally I can enjoy my victory undisturbed.
The role exchanger was hard to adjust too. I had switched gender and head with my sister but my body had gained more features from my next door neighbour crush. I keep wanting to stare at my own ass as I had gotten the sexual desires of a creep who lived on our street too. I guess this is life now
Some guy added me on snapchat and thought itd be funny to act macho and send dick pics, thinking itd make him seem tough. So too mess with him, I gave him a new body, and he still thought that showing it off the way he was too me was very macho, and I even got entertainment from it. (Rp)
My girlfriend was going through a hard time when she asked me to take her place at work for a while. Wanting to help her I said yes but after the 4th day of wearing heels I was getting tired and kicked them off. Worse, her boss is really flirty with her and her body… or me is starting to like it…
Luna had been a reserved and edgy goth girl in her class. She hated society and everyone around her, alt girls! Anyways, she was also a self proclaimed witch, but one day her spell went wrong allowing a spirit to possess her! Now she’s aware in her head, horrified, as they defile her body! (RP)
My best friend’s sister said if I wore her clothes for a week, she’d buy me a PlayStation5. I agreed and sent her this picture on the first day. “How do I look?”
My girlfriends sister had somehow swapped our bodies! I was shocked and angry at her but it was clear that she had done this on purpose. She also makes me send her pics of her old body each time I return from her classes! I sent these today and I was shocked when I received an image back…(RP Wanted)
My humps, my lovely lady lumps
I woke up this morning to a text message from a random number. It claimed to be my friend, who was now in a woman’s body. Apparently, something called the “great shift” happened. I didn’t believe him, so I invited him over to prove it to me. I was speechless when he, or she, finally showed up…
Am I cute in yellow
You, my best friend, and I were out grocery shopping. While driving, a woman drove into us and I died. An onlooking witch didn't think it was fair that I died like this, so she cast a spell, which made me possess the woman who hit us. "Now you two should leave before the cops come." She says. (RP)
"Dude where are you? It's nearly starting" We we're part of a modeling agency and wanted to prank some of our colleagues by me putting on this bodysuit and getting sent to their event , however you were supposed to be my inside man and I don't see you anywhere (rp)
I was staying at a hotel in the city so I'd be close to the Adam Clinic, the only hospital that studied the gender flu. They'd gotten nowhere and I was stressed so I finally relented and went for a midnight dip in this stupid bikini. But then a group of kids my age coming out to swim. I got to go...
For being a dick to women, Carl’s soul was trapped inside a glass dildo by a witch. The tables turned when the witch’s sister wanted to use her sister’s magic. She saw a ‘wand’ and grabbed the dildo, only for Carl to enter her body. Carl can get his revenge, but not without having some fun first.
19(M4F) barker cypress area. No bs. Not paying for a hook up. Females only. Fast hookup no strings attached. Any female body type is perfect. Age doesn’t matter only 18+
Dm open. I love being in this body. I’m guessing she’s in her early 20s and on a good path much better than my old body stuck at this restaurant working. I hope her friends like the new her.
“Oops, sorry, I dropped something.” I grin and get on my knees, showing off my new ass in front of Mr. Peterson, my ‘boss.’ I stole the body of his pretty maid so I can cause chaos in his household while making off with the money in his safe. And lucky me, he seems interested in me already
I decided that I wanted to go on a trip to an island just as a way to relax from the stress of life and work. While I laid on the sand, soaking in the intense rays of sunlight my vision blurred for a moment but I woke up somewhere else... as someone else. (Rp)
“Oops, sorry, I dropped something.” I grin and get on my knees, showing off my new ass in front of Mr. Peterson, my ‘boss.’ I stole the body of his pretty maid so I can cause chaos in his household while making off with the money in his safe. And lucky me, he seems interested in me already
I took control of this mean hot girl. turns out she had a date. Well it can't hurt to have a taste.
My parents loved the idea of mom sleeping with another woman but didn't want to cheat so they bought an X-Change pill. Well I found it thinking it was some parry drug and took it at a friend's house. Idk why he looks so shocked to see me.
"Okay, I know you won but could you please just hurry this things cold!" my girlfriend had won the last game night and per house rules so got and 1 picture she wanted, 1 x-change and a popcicle later I was freezing my tits off.
I Had Finally Hit My Genetic Limit, And Wanted To Take Something To Help ‘Enhance’ Me, Only To Find Out That I Took Something Else. Do You Know What Could’ve Happened?
I gave my step mom a ‘gift’ and waited for hours. The body hop necklace should’ve kicked in as soon as she put it on so I figured it was a dud. Thats when I flew forward to myself half naked in her body. Before I could take it in I heard “hope that necklace is all your wearing!” from the other room
Epic
"Now look at what you did we're so gonna be in trouble" me and my sister had found a weird remote we realized could alter reality. Our mom was making us breakfast when one of us accidentally set it off. It looked like nothing happened until we realized our mom was in her 20s again. (DM for RP)
You were a loser in high school. Nobody invited you to parties and you were bullied by popular guys. You desperately wished college would be different. The first day of university you awoke somehow looking like this! Now everyone invites you to parties and the guys that bullied you want to fuck you!
octobussy
I love watching my girl suck her boyfriend off in the car! [F] MILF
I was a rich man who was bored. I had a sugar baby and I asked if she wanted to swap bodies but there was a condition. She wanted money, that was it. We swapped and we were slowly adapting to our new bodies and one day whilst she was out, I sent this, a few moments later I see her typing…(RP Wanted)
I was gonna fulfill my lifelong dream of acting as a girl in a movie after my operation. I was called in for an audition but as I entered the room I realised something isn't right. The person said getting a role would be difficult in films and you deserve all the cocks here. I guess he is right.
When some asshole commented under my friends tiktoks, claling them thirst traps and cringe. I had to get rid of this sexist the best way I knew. Give him a taste of his own medicine. In one day he was already getting thousands of views with the tiktoks I forced him to make, and he hated it (Rp)
As best man, I was tasked with making the bachelor party as memorable as possible. I thinka trip to Vegas with a bunch of X-Change pills fulfills that requirement. Just look at how much fun the groom is having!
This swap dating app must have broke, i've been swapped into this women and i cannot swap back! the app is deleted, i can't even find it on the app store! "Who can date with me? My english is broke" (Open roleplay)
"Okay I know you won the bet but could you please hurry this thing is cold!" My girlfriend had won the last game night and per house rules she got to take any 1 picture she wanted. 1 x-change and a popsicle later I was freezing my tits off!
The park is an excellent place to find new bodies to steal. I saw this milf jogging and forced my way into her body. I think the responsible thing to do is to finish walking her dogs, go home, and finger her brains out.
You and I were broke, so you bought a medallion from a witch, who claims that the medallion will change our lives. When we got home we decided to test it out. As soon as we touched on the medallion our souls left our bodies and enter in 2 of the kardashians sister’s bodies. Who did you end up?
I really shouldn't have complained so much... It was just so hot out! My sister got sick of it and decided to give me her clothes... and body... we were twins now in this new world and now I can complain even more! I just wanna turn back to myself!
"Selfie from my new damn home... doesn't matter how hot I am, this sucks." I was out drinking one night when my drink got spiked with X-change, months later I'm used to being a woman, and I even look pretty good! The problem is, I have no pelvic muscles and have to live incontinent!
I’m just doing what’s best for my sister. After her first year of college, she came back home crying, because she couldn’t afford it anymore. I prayed for a way to help her. That’s when I woke up as her, with a brilliant idea. The internet loves her body, and I’ll give her all the cash I earn
Getting her ass stretched out
“Day of the Dead” was a Hispanic tradition in my family, not because of the celebrations, but because we had an unusual curse which allowed spirits to possess us on that day. When I turned 18 it activated, and now some pervert spirit is abusing my body! I’m still aware in here! Help! (RP)
"This one is nice first time I've been a female before how do I look?" I breathe in for the first time in my new body, I made sure to buy a new one every few decades at first it was until I found a heir for my fortune but after the first time I realized I could just keep it if I kept doing it(dm2rp)
My friends tease me for being too much of a horndog— they each bet me $5000 I couldn’t go a month without orgasming. I was looking good with only 1 weekend to go, when they all showed up to my house on X-change. How is this fair?! (RP)
I had been going to the gym for years I would always bully people at the gym I guess someone got mad at me and changed me into a female. but that doesn't matter I'm still gonna go to the gym (rp wanted)
I'm curious, if you were to take me away for a weekend, where would we go?
“Wait what do you mean that i am your girlfriend now!” When my friend told me that she was a lesbian and always liked my personality she casted a spell that put us into a fantasy world and now i have to do whatever she says to turn back. If she ever does that
(M4a) that let me fuck them as camila cabello rp
Can someone do a RP with me? I wanna do a rp where we play an engaged couple and we swap genders a week before the wedding and everyone remembers us in our new bodies. I become a woman and you became a man.
Buying that enchanted necklace that gave us control over this body was the best thing we’d ever done. However, whenever it was my turn to be Becky- I’d open my eyes in whatever situation you’d left us in. “What the fuck is this?” I text you confused.
Your sister had the biggest crush on you. She knew it was wrong, but she wanted you so bad. She got the idea to possess your prude girlfriend. You didn’t know of course, which made the video your ‘girlfriend’ sent of her in lingerie confusing. She was never like this but were you gonna complain?
When some asshole commented under my friends tiktoks, claling them thirst traps and cringe. I had to get rid of this sexist the best way I knew. Give him a taste of his own medicine. In one day he was already getting thousands of views with the tiktoks I forced him to make, and he hated it (Rp)
How our lives have changed in such a short time- we were living paycheck to paycheck, unable to make ends meet. Now, you, a recluse billionaire pays us a huge amount to possess my girlfriends body for a few days a month.
When some asshole commented under my friends tiktoks, claling them thirst traps and cringe. I had to get rid of this sexist the best way I knew. Give him a taste of his own medicine. In one day he was already getting thousands of views with the tiktoks I forced him to make, and he hated it (Rp)
"If we impress her, maybe she'll take us home. And once we're home we'll be able to escape" I told you as we waited for our stepmother. She'd sent us to a secret feminization school, the best in the world. This was her first visit and if she was pleased, we might be able to get out. (LIT RP)
So I finally tried exchange island, it’s…something. I don’t know why everyone hyped it up so much I mean it’s weird sweating in another persons body and these clothes are so weird I don’t know man, unless someone can give me a reason to stay, I might just leave tomorrow.
“ControlMe - Student Edition” had just dropped in America. Basically a student from another country could possess your body, and live life for a few days in an American school. I decided to volunteer for it… except some pervert took over my body! I can’t stop them, they’re defiling me! Help! (RP)
“Listen miss I don’t know where your real daughter is, I got her body on exchange island and never swapped back” trying to calm her down “how about I make a deal with you, do you want me to stay as your daughter, I wouldn’t mind being a woman for life, is that what you want me to do…. Mom”
I love this shade of pink, do you think it suits me?
show me your girlfriends and fill them with milk
Fortune cookies are no joke, especially when they’re given to you by a waitress who’s pissed at you. I went to bed and woke up as some Asian hooker. I’m also currently doing some paid services…
“Your ancestors ruined my life. I will ruin yours.” Hundreds of years ago, her colonial relatives took me and made me be their sex slave until I died. The anger and vendetta made me stronger and stronger. And now, I will take my wrath on their descendent, and turn her into my own sex slave
When the great shift happened, I found myself in the body of my best friends mom. Something didn't feel right and as I inspected my ass, I found a butt plug in it. Who would of thought that my Best friends mom was such a kinky slut. Come to find out, she also has a high sex drive and loves cock.
Oh come on mom, why are your punishments so damn harsh, all I did was call aunt Cathy a bimbo, you didn’t have to go and turn me into a woman over night, fine how long is it gonna be this time, 1 day, 1 week… what?!!! You wanna keep me like this for 1 year?!! What the hell is wrong with you
No panties under my skirt :)
I look at my bewborn baby as I remember to how I here to being the mother I was meant to be. My name is Stephanie Green. It used to be Stephen Harris but let's just say a witch did this to me and my family.(RP)
My 22-year-old sister moved out 4 years ago. We weren't very close so I never really heard where she was or what she was doing. But the day I was going to leave for college, I had woken up in her body. Apparently, she regretted never going to college so she stole my life. What is my new life like?
My father had been working on one of his machines as I stepped out of the house for some air. It malfunctioned and feminized everyone in the house! (I can play the girls or you can! RP always open)
Upon arrival Scott refused to swap his body. But his mother did swap and into a young male. She went off to the night party with other guests. Scott then wonders off and finds his mothers body half naked at a house party. He knew someone else was in her. “Mom..?” He said before approaching her.
Your friend had been trying to get you to take xchange and go out with him for weeks. You were always too nervous but you eventually tried it. Now you look forward to girls night every week! Tonight your wearing your cutest outfit so you could bring a man home and let him fuck your brains out!
"I didn't agree to this! You can't just-" I said in a tone between a whisper and a scream. Whatever I was telling my friend on our beach towels, I stopped when you approached us. "Um...hi?" I asked, a bit confused as to why you'd come over. I wasn't used to being a girl, after all. (LIT RP)
(M4ApF) You've started playing this VR MMO that your son enjoyed in order to get closer to him~ You created a super cute elf character and finally logged into the main lobby... Only to be bombarded with invites to people's private housing? You'd nervously accept one, not realizing what it entailed~
I can’t believe the great swap worked out like this. You were hanging at mine when it hit and we swapped with the guy across the street and his stepdaughter. At first we didn’t know what to do, we just decided to wait it out and see if we changed back. That’s when things started to get interesting…
Playing with this reality remote controller was so fun, we where applying changes to ourselves, at first there was small changes like being taller, having lon hair, but now things got a lot more interesting as we started doing bet and I had to change my gender (RP DM)
I went to a lady who could be paid to get a woman mentally and physically as you want. But when I got there I found myself bewitched, I discovered that she needed a real person to create new women. Now I'm just the future product of the next customer, You.
I gave my camera a wink, and giggled as all my friends freaked out. "Yeah! I managed to get into the clinical trials for X-change! I actually got a permanent... oh, uh it wasn't like the normal one... I was testing the resistance... we had to go to fifteen orgasms before it was permanent..."
My girlfriend kept saying she wished she had big breasts to play with, I kept telling her she was perfect as is. Well, her wish came true anyways and now she makes me serve her morning coffee and milk in her old Barista apron.
As I looked at the birthday cake in front of me I knew I had screwed up. After a fight with my sister I had thrown her birthday cake on the floor saying: ‘I wish you were never born such a bitch’. The cake counted it as a wish and the next morning I was born as the bitch instead of her swapping us.
"I know I'm grounded I will be back in a second "I tried to tell my mom. Actually it was my sister who got grounded but she still wanted to go out with friends so while I was sleeping she gave me a pill that changed me into her copy so she could leave without our strict parents noticing (rp)
I was mortified when I realised the weekend retreat dad had dragged me on was a nudist resort out in the boonies with his friends. Until we arrived and they began to slip into high-end bodysuits, many of them modelled on their daughters. Now I'm stuck here, and I don't even know which one is dad
I had made a wish on my birthday cake that I could be happy I passed out and when I woke up I was a girl celebrating her 21st birthday. anyone wanna give me some birthday sex?
"How do you walk around with these on your chest? and these shorts?". I was leaving my home when I bumped heads with my neighbour's kid, Alice. Immediately I felt different and we realised we swapped bodies. She's happy about it and wants to stay as a man, but I'm not sure I can be college girl...
She Seems Fun
You and I were food reviewers for the local news. However, your boss decided that you should try the food from a new perspective- forcing you to use the new interns palate with a possession pill.
My director told me that he could raise my grades if I took this pill, so I took it. But since then my body has changed and I had to find new clothes. I'm being called to his office today. (RP)
When I swapped bodies with my best friend I didn’t know he had this relationship with his little sister I was so confused the first time she asked me to fuck her in my friends body well she didn’t know it was me
On my birthday my friend got me a dildo as a joke, the next day I grabbed it to throw it away when I touched it I was transformed into a girl, I couldn’t help myself, the dildo became so alluring, I had to use it
My sister in law and I had somehow swapped bodies. We were both shocked and she was upset. I was too but not as much due to her being hot. She reminded me about an appointment with her nail tech and once that was over I sent her these pics. 10 minutes later I receive a text back from her…(RP Wanted)
sucking him off while he plays video games
As I looked at the birthday cake in front of me I knew I had screwed up. After a fight with my sister I had thrown her birthday cake on the floor yelling: ‘I wish you were never born such a bitch’. The cake swapped us counting it as a birthday wish. Guess it made me born as the bitch instead of her.
As I looked at the birthday cake in front of me I knew I had screwed up. After a fight with my sister I had thrown her birthday cake on the floor saying: ‘I wish you were never born such a bitch’. The cake swapped us counting my wish as a birthday wish. Making me born as ‘the bitch’ instead of her.
The highway's gas station - you'll never leave with the car you came with !
My girlfriend kept saying she wanted big breasts to play with, I kept telling her she was perfect as is. Something granted her wish (kinda) and now she makes me serve her coffee and milk in her old Barista apron before play time
"Can you just come pick me up?" I was exhausted. The Swap Clinic had screwed up. My father, before he passed away unexpectedly, had scheduled an appointment. Since we share the same name, they mixed our files up. I was just there to lose some weight, while dad had scheduled a full life swap...
(MTF4A) It’s been over a month after my second puberty. You haven’t seen me in a few months, but with the help of your family, you know what happened to me. Today, you came back from the trip. I and your parents gave you a little welcome party. That’s when you saw the new me. (Wholsome rp)
I knew that a young rich guy would be taking the hotel room ne t to me, so I prepared a permanent body swap spell that would activate as soon as he entered the room. Except I chose the wrong room and ended up in the body of a cosplayer! Who is she meant to be? Why no panties? And why is she horny?
When I heard my mom was going to take part in this new experiment that is supposed to swap bodies I was skeptical. I went with her to the lab and I saw she was paired up with a guy about my age. I saw a bolt go off and everything lit up. The experiment worked and the guy is in her body. (RP)
You had a very close relationship with me, your stepmother. After confiding in me that you would like to try being a woman, I ordered a skinsuit for your birthday. Little did I realize, I accidentally ordered two. Looks like we're going to be sisters! (Wholesome RP)
My best friend was completely jealous of my girlfriend... so they made a plan. Swap bodies with her, put on a sexy outfit and seduce me! I just got home to see her like this!
Every morning Dave would try to keep his new feminine body in shape by performing some yoga. Although his gf Tracy had other plans and wanted to do an exercise they both could do. Luckily Dave has grown to enjoy the feeling of his former cock inside him.
I know everyone hates Amber Heard. But I thought it was a waste of such a hot body to be used by such an awful woman. I decided to take matters into my own hands and take her place, now this body can hopefully be enjoyed properly, I'm already loving how sexy I feel!
You always told yourself that you were just transforming to gain some easy cash as a tiktok slut. But you keep imagining yourself sucking a huge cock. Everything changed when a rich business man offered you money to be a OF star. Now you are not just bouncing like a slut on Tiktok.
this frathouse initiation was different but I'd have done anything to get in. Even if it meant they would turn me into this pretty lil slut and use me all at once. there have been talks of making this arrangement a permanent one.
Mrs. Claus getting her present
“What do you mean you fucked up? What are you taking about you have always been a girl since we first met.” What happens when no one remember you were a guy?
Shamelessness
“I’d be careful if I were you… I’m stealing bodies right now, and if you message me, a hot woman in your life might just have her body stolen!” (DM/RP)
I was a proud tier 3 simp and worshipper of Pokimane. But once I got this reality spell, I decided I should be the one being worshipped instead... (RP Wanted)
This girl invited me to her house after our date, little did I know she was a witch. She took me to her bedroom where she had all sorts of stuff. I blew out one of her candles, as I did that our souls left our bodies, it must have been some spiritual thing, but yeah, I jumped into her body.
Hey everyone, looking for an RP partner. I have an idea for a friend turned slime pet type RP. Please DM if interested and we’ll see what we can do :)
(M4A) "I-I don't know mom... I-Isn't this technically incest?" Your son would whine as you playfully straddled his lap. You had died in a car crash last week, but for some reason your spirit transferred over to some rich brat~ Of course you'd use your new body to spoil your own flesh and blood~
I've somehow been put in an alternate reality with a small change, yeah i'm now a famous influencer with millions of fans, but twitch now allows 18+ content, this will bring in alot more fans and money my way. (Open roleplay)
(A4ApF) "You wanna grip my horns and ride my face, or should I squish your head between my thighs? Hmm? Yeah I'm a dude irl, what about it?" The hot demon girl you were about to hook up with would tease~ You've recently started playing a new VR MMO, not realizing just how perverse the ERP scene was~
i couldn't believe I got stuck as Kayla for swapclass. I'm gonna be the biggest loser at college all semester. even her boyfriend is a loser. I need to get off campus and out of her lame clothes before someone sees me and I have to pretend I'm her. she was way too happy to run off as me. (RP)
I, your younger brother, came up with a great business plan. Using dad’s body designer, I made a female alter ego, Chloe, a high end escort. I rarely ever have sex, I just go to fancy dinners as some millionaire’s date for the night. I’m so rich now, and still live as Luke most of the time. (RP)
I am a swap class professor at the local college. The school always makes sure there is an even number of students, but this semester one dropped out in the first week. So I had to participate for the first time. I got paired up with this sexy girl. I’m back in her dorm; I just had to see her pussy!
since i am bored. let me forfull a few wishes of you. cant promise the outcome
I knew my stepmother was a witch, but I didn't know she was a LITERAL witch. I called her a gold digging homewrecker. She smiled and said, "Like mother, like daughter," which was weird, she didn't have a daughter. But that's when I found my body starting to change... (Roleplay wanted!)
Force me inside your mom!
We all got drunk at a party and someone busted out some Trait Traders, Pocket sized swap clinics. I don't know what happened but when I woke up I'd apparently made almost 100 trades with girls around the school, it'd be impossible to track down all of my parts so I'm not a QB anymore...
Boss was having trouble selling a house so I agreed to help, this body should make it easier… just hope they don’t fined the remote to the vibrating panties…
My Gf was struggling with working out and when I told her to just get over it she said her workouts were so much harder. I told her that was bullshit and she told me to try them for a year and see if I felt they were "easy". I don't think she's gonna be too happy with how much more its worked for me
Me and you were best friends when you told me your sister was getting married and you needed a favor of course i said yes but i dident expect you to ask me to take an xchange and act like your girlfriend for the week ''i know i agreed to do this but really? Why me'' (RP Dm's/chat open)
An hour ago, I was old, not long for this world. The nurses had been told not to touch me under ANY CIRCUMSTANCE due to my swapping skills. But no one told the new girl! Check me out! She’s trying to alert the staff but struggling with her new senility, I think I’ll go and sweet talk the doctors…
"Let's go home son, the physics teacher leave a very complicated task and I don't remember these issues well" my father said on the body of my fellow student and girlfriend, Noemi due to an accident in which both of them swap bodies.
Come on, come on, there has to be an solution online: Oh my god, why did I drink that?! This morning, I got a glass of milk delivered to my house. I thought they stopped doing that decades ago. But after drinking it, I fell ill, and started changing. There has to be a way to make me a man again!!
I found this weird remote I noticed it didn't do anything so I didn't worry about it. I press another button and I see a strange light and shoot it in the pool. It turns out it can swap bodies and I accidentally swapped everyone who went in. I don't know how I'm going to find my friend now. (RP)
Mother’s Day a day late
[M4F] A simple and realistic swap roleplay - Lead me through your life with details, while I put you in mine !
A Better Me(A Possession RP)
I’d be careful if I were you, I’m stealing bodies right now and if you message me, a hot woman in your life will have her body stolen!
Sarah Elizabeth on TikTok
How did the hospital even screw up this bad. I just went in for a simple flu shot nothing crazy. After they stuck me I passed out and woke up in a surgery room. Apparently they gave me another patients X-Change and when I woke up they told me I was now permanently a girl.
“I. Need. You. To leave. Now!” I shout loudly. I tried becoming a witch slayer, to rid the world of evil. First witch I managed to kill, her dark powers latched onto me for her last incantation. My body and mind are changing from this new power, and I’m losing the battle for my own head
Was driving with my sister when she started acting.. different suddenly and asked who I was. I replied "boyfriend" thinking she was joking and dropped her off at her house. I forgot about it until you sent this and asked if your big strong boyfriend could help you out.Youre like a whole new person..
Was shopping with my sister when she suddenly started acting.. different and asked who I was. I replied "boyfriend" sarcastically and dropped you home thinking you're tired, but now you sent this asking if her big strong boyfriend could help her out. She's like a whole new person..
“What… just… happened?!” I say in shock. We had been playing around with this new filter that turned you into female version of yourself, but even after the filter was turned off, i still saw a girl in the camera. (RP always open.)
I got lost and ended up in the wrong conference room. Still I started looking around for people I knew, which is when I saw my friends daughter. I quickly approached her tapping her on the back when suddenly everything shifted. I didn’t realise this with a swap meet and she’d already taken her pill!
Me and my cousin have had a special bound since we were kids, one day we swapped bodies while her and her boyfriend were in the middle of foreplay, I was so shocked I let him finish
I woke up this morning with a heavyweight on my chest and a note in front of me saying to Jerry I'm taking your young fit body I’m goings to get all the women you can have my old body with all of its issues from your aunt it's so hairy I say to my self.
Something Odd Was Happening. I Continued To Wind Up As A Complete Replica Of Your Partner, And It Was Starting To Hamper Us Both
It happened so quick I barely realized what had happened. Being a mob boss was dangerous work, but I was a natural. At least until my partner turned on me. Lucky for me, the protect charm the witch woman gave me worked. My soul was tossed into this body moments before my death.
You have two choices either join us and put on the cursed bikini and accept becoming like us or pick one of us to take to bed and prove you belong as a man. What’s it going to be? (Rp in chat)
My sister and I swapped bodies for the day, because I refused to believe her job as a secretary was hard...which it's not...but her body is the biggest asshole on the planet. He literally screams at me when I mess up and he won't stop making misogynistic comments...plus this skirt keeps riding up
for swap class I got paired up with the chav girl. the worst part is I have to act like her and not tell anyone who I am. so now I spend most my days posting pictures to my Instagram (rp wanted)
After the recent up-tick in body theft impersonations, my sister boasted her boyfriend would spot an imposter right away. I bet her he'd be clueless and that I could swap with her and he'd never know. So we made a bet, two weeks swapped. Well, it's been a week and he has no idea!
I created a soul gun and tried it on my family, not to go to much into the details but one thing lead to another and they are kinda soulless / empty so now I need a new family and who better than people from this subreddit, anyone want a new life to live.. I can trust you guys to behave right? 😬
I was the only person affected in the shift. my roommate has questions about my sexuality. we're going to find out.
Nothing makes me more hornier than hacking into accounts on Swap App, initiating a permanent swap and ruining their lifes. I just swapped from a busty MILF in her 40s into this cute goth girl. Hope she enjoys being a MILF!
"What the hell did you do to me?!" Your girlfriend Lisa asked in a terrified tone as she turned from the mirror to face you "Why am I... old!" She asked, staring at you with a confused and angry tone. She had no clue you used some magic spell to double her age, turning her into a total milf! (RP)
Me and you were best friends when you told me your sister was getting married and you needed a favor of course i said yes but i dident expect you to ask me to take an xchange and act like your girlfriend for the week ''i know i agreed to do this but really? Why me'' (RP Dm's/chat open)
At first Mark hated the Great Shift, as he shifted into a woman while at the gym. He went from being the tall muscular type to the short skinny type. But there was one, or maybe two, things he liked out of the shift. And he enjoyed them the best while on the treadmill facing a full length mirror.
(M4ApTM) You couldn't help but giggle as you felt your best friend shooting out rope after rope of hot, sticky seed directly into your womb~ "Told you dude, my pussy's way tighter and wetter than any chick's~ C'mon, I know you can get hard again, I'll let you bust another nut in me if you do~"
My dad and mom swapped bodies when they touched this weird rock outside. My dad has to go to work today in her body and he's not to happy about it. I'm sure he is going to get some rude cooments and there will also be plenty of teasing. (RP)
SNAP! A Quick picture was taken of me as I walked out of the bathroom. My body stood there taking a picture of me. It all made sense... the pregnant belly...the swollen breasts. My sister. My sister had done it and swapped bodies. "John! You want to see how easy being a young mom is, show me! (RP)
"Dude, aren't you gonna come in? Why are you looking at me like that..." I said as I got out of the pool. Our rich friend rented out a penthouse for a party, and we had a pool on our balcony. Little did we know, he spiked it with an experimental chemical to change whoever stepped in it as he wanted.
Hoppers used to try and hide, now they’re incredibly obvious- not even trying to lay low, flaunting their stolen goods in public. It was clear what had happened when I spotted you, masquerading as an ex of mine.
The random swap went really well for you. Ending up in a body that can't move it's arms or legs wasn't your ideal but at least you're a sexy blonde. Getting help isn't too hard now. (RP)
Your attitude had really changed over the past few weeks after the great shift turned you into a woman. You started dressing sluttier and acting more confident. You even started an only fans account and asked me to help you out.
The random swap went really well for you. Ending up in a body that can't move it's arms or legs wasn't your ideal but at least you're a sexy blonde. Getting help isn't too hard now. (RP)
I was on the way to the airport when the woman driving me sneezed on me. She apologized and just said she’d been sick. By the time my plane landed, the fast-acting gender change flu had taken over and even transformed my clothes. I can’t spread it if I’m wearing a mask for the next week. (RP)
[A4A] m2f age progression, downgrades!
Your girlfriend was in a car accident and was put into a coma for the time being. the doctors said that they can put anyone in her body for the time being. after seeing you heart broken I decided to volunteer to take her body over
My girlfriend had been acting very strange today she seems much more jokey and she is talking about things she would never talk about. She is almost acting like my brother. When i saw her come downstairs with her hair styled like this and she said "dude I look Like Leia." I knew something was up. RP
Story recommendations
I was part of the 30% of all humans on earth that switched genders due to the Great Shift. I changed into a busty chav girl, just my luck. It has been about 2 weeks since the shift and my friend wanted to cheer me up, so he invited me to his house to relax in his hot tub. (rp wanted)
My husband was a star professional baseball player, until a crazed female fan swapped bodies with him. Here he is, trying to get back on the team. Please say something nice about him, Reddit…
"This is so embarrassing." Frank sighed. Your husband wasn't exactly pleased with your choice in a vacation spot. It was bad enough he was trapped in his daughter's body, but now you were making him go to a nude beach to help him get comfortable in his new skin. (RP plot continued in comments)
This was Adam's first time back to the massage parlor after the Shift. He ended up in a client's body and requested his favorite girl Jen, now very male. Before, the two had a happy ending arrangement, but this time Jen decided to take it a little further. Adam would soon enjoy this new arrangement.
“Hey~!” After I scheduled and went through with a swap via SwapApp with your girlfriend, I’ve turned into quite the tease towards you and your girlfriend, finding it quite fun in her attractive body (RP/DM)
(M4MtF) Job Request: Looking for a man who's willing to drink a gender swap potion and become the mother of my kids. You will be turned into a girl, you can decide the exact form. Then, you will be impregnated and assigned to help raise our children~
I got the stupid big girl in swap class it’s so hard to do anything in this fat body when she’s in my body running everywhere or I think that’s her or I mean me I think I’m losing my memories
Love a little black dress, just need to slip on a pair of heels to go with it.
(M4A) "Wait... So you're telling me that you turned into a girl after a spell backfired on you?" I'd ask the witch that was sitting accross from me, who was apparently my gross, degenerate roommate. I'd let out a sigh before starting to dig into the food, "Well, atleast you're easier on the eyes~"
I had mophing powers for quite a while now, which became super useful when I became an investigator. In this mission, I changed into a girl in order to sneak into this guys party which we believed had some kind of powers that could influence over people, all I need now is to gather evidence(RP OPEN)
How many accounts have you made that have joined this subreddit?
"Sooo yeah... stuck like this, forever." I let out a sigh, staring into my camera. I was a pretty popular vlogger and streamer... so when the FOSE hit, I actually got tossed around to several bodies, before I got caught in this one forever.
I pull up my top over my new breasts again as my girlfriend drives us to the mall." None of your old clothes fit! This is so embarrassing." This morning we were messing with her mom's spell book. Which led to me swapping genders. We were surprised at how "gifted" I was. Every bump was a jiggle. (RP)
I'm lucky the gender wave left me with the body of a lingerie model. Unfortunately I still need glasses. Oh, and my libido is higher than ever! :P
"I want more" the only words that came out my mouth after my friends gave me the pill
The girl in the mirror perfectly reflected my movements. She touched her soft face...her lips. The long hair. I could feel the weight of her pregnant, swollen breasts. How the bra dug into the bottom of each of them. And the massive belly. How was I her? What happened?! "What is going on!" (RP)
My girlfriend dumped me after three years right before I was going to propose to her. I was devastated. I used magic to try and find a reality where I was still in a happy relationship. This is me jumping into an alternate reality, but for some reason, I’m a girl. (RP)
"Are you sure you can't let me into the restricted section?" I asked, leaning forward. Hey, being a girl had some advantages. My rival at college had used a rare book from this library to turn me into this. Apparently her dad was a donor. But I had to find some other way in before she stopped me.
My wife hates it that I swap with her all the time since we found I had powers. I usually spend days in her until i get board. She thinks i have no control over it…thinks
My girlfriend found the strangest little bug on one of our houseplants today. When I came back from getting my camera, her head was close to the leaf where the bug was. The bug was nowhere to be found. It gets stranger because she constantly asks me how her body looks, showing her tits as she did.
I arrived at the kids choice awards as a lowly journalist but thanks to some weird contest I left as a superstar! They ran a vote for who should get hit with swap slime…Sabrina got voted the most and I just happened to be in the front row taking photos when she got hit……..
Today Was Day 3 After Taking X-Change, And Still Being A Girl. Preparing For This To Last Awhile, I Bought More Clothes. Asking You: “Is This Ever Going To Wear Off?”
Loraine was cleaning out her attic when she found what she thought was an old family heirloom. She picked up the artifact, only to get her soul sucked inside of it. Her empty body fell to the floor, in need of a soul to fill it. Her body didn’t care a perverted soul found it, it just wanted to live.
"Hey, it's been a while" I blush looking at you, after the great shift everyone would slowly be moved back to where they actually lived, we are roommates, meeting each other for the first time since the shift happened 3 weeks ago, i hoped i was looking good for you, i had new feelings for you.
My wife had been cheating on me for years with my bully when I finally confronted her about it she casted a spell turning me into her daughter saying I will need to fuck my bully to turn back into a male (rp wanted)
“Stop right there! Why did you call me your wife, man?” You asked as you jumped out of bed. You had recently made a time machine and messed up the timeline. You came back now instead as a woman and now married to your best friend.
Time travel isn't sci-fi anymore! We found a way to send data backwards or forwards in time, including someone's consciousness. You and I, were ready for the test run, setting up the machine to 1957. (RP)
After A Long Time Working In The Mountains, We Found Out Some New Chemical For Use. I Was The First, And Last To Test It, Since It Turned Me From He Into She
Body swap story recommendations
“What… just… happened?!” I say in shock. We had been playing around with this new filter that turned you into female version of yourself, but even after the filter was turned off, i still saw a girl in the camera. (RP always open.)
I had been a body hopper for a few years now. My favorite place to snatch new bodies were College move-outs. This pretty number just cleared out her room all by herself. Now I have her body, belongings and car to take wherever I’d like.
After my bout of Phoenix Disease my wife chose to get a divorce. She couldn’t stay married to a 19 year old girl, however I still live with my family at home which makes things slightly awkward when I want to explore my new body….luckily guys aren’t too put off by meeting me outside!
my friend was pretty rich and would always go on holidays. one day she came up to me and ask if I wanted to go on holiday with her I immediately said yes. but when I woke up the next day I was in her body in her limo heading to the airport (rp wanted)
My next door neighbor is a nerdy loser who wants to date me. Like that’s ever happening! He bought a literal sex doll yesterday and wants to show me. Promising he will leave me alone if I come over and see it. He better not try anything when I get there…
I can’t believe I‘m doing this.. I started a new job at a Pharma company and as part of their networking events with clients, they use their drugs to turn employees into women and clients can see the results for themselves. I’ll be a Latina mom for the night, I hope I get a promotion..
"Selfie from my new damn home... doesn't matter how hot I am, this sucks." I was out drinking one night when my drink got spiked with X-change, months later I'm used to being a woman, and I even look pretty good! The problem is, I have no pelvic muscles and have to live incontinent!
You woke up as a girl. Well, a girl with a cock. Your phone buzzes and you see a text from your girlfriend. “Happy anniversary babe. Can’t wait to see you tonight.” Before you can respond, she sends a picture of a hard hairless cock with the message “she can’t wait either.” (RP)
There were rumors of my best friend’s sister having an onlyfans account. He asked me to investigate, so I possessed her. I couldn’t find any evidence of an onlyfans account, but since the rumors were already out there, I figured I’d start one for her. (RP)
I am afflicted with an unusual curse. I have two completely different identities. One is male and one is female. But I can’t control when I am male or female. Whatever gender I wake up as, that’s who I am until at least the next day. It makes life total hell, but I do like both of my selves. (RP)
My name is Peter Parker. I was bitten by a radioactive female spider which turned me into a girl, and so for 2 years I've been Spider-Girl. I'm pretty sure you know the rest. I saved a bunch of people, save the city. When I am not shooting webs outside I like to make men shoot webs on me.
Bodies for Giveaway!
my friend loved the new body I bought so much that he had to show me.
my step mom and I have never seen eye to eye. She's a hard core traditionalist where I'm to say yes ma'am no ma'am to her. so my dad had us swap for the weekend. I love her body. I'm gonna divorce my dad and get fucked hard (rp)
Your visit to Spooky Island had gone terribly. Some demon got control of your body and acted so gross! After your protoplasm was freed you managed to find your old body! Just as you stood up, you looked up to see my protoplasm fly into YOU as you lost all control... but stayed in body with me?!
X-Change Duo - Part Three
I’d love to be her and have you take me to a rave 🥺 we’d be so cute together and have so much fun
Your friend said he hasn’t cum in a month since his girlfriend left him. So of course you are going to do a big favor and help him out, won’t you?
I had found a magic statue that would allow me to turn into people by wearing their clothes. So ofc when I was housesiting my two married friends house I took it with me. I didn't know they were returning day early till they arrived , me looking like the wife, I need to hide (rp)
“Seriously dude? These lips are… perfect- so plump…” I say as I inspect my new body. You had transformed me into a woman with your new “reality remote” invention and i don’t think you were fully done yet! (RP always open)
I had been to the gym for ages when the great shift happend I decided I would still go to the gym even if I was to embarrassed to take my hoodie off (rp wanted)
“Say, Thanks For Letting Me Stay At Your Place Man, Was Weird What Happened To My Body To Me Too.”
Tracer (Yeero)
There’s a reason why the 13th floor does not exist in buildings. It was said the floor was a portal to the spirit world. Hannah didn’t know the legend when she clicked the button. A light entered her body and she was forced to the back of her mind. The spirit lived its new life to the fullest.
[M4F] You are a secret service spy. To investigate a mafia boss, it is decided to use a new way of mind transfer. You are transferred into the body of the boss's wife for an indefinite period of time to gather information. You must not get caught.
My dad had some issues with my sister, Mom said they should go to counseling and maybe learn some things about each other. Well the counselor was sick of all the arguing and literally put them in each others shoes. Dad is feeling awkward but he has been hanging out with me more. (RP)
I was catfishing a random guy on a random dating website, he started asking me about my body, and as I agreed to it in orden to make him fall for my trap I was being changed in real life into your ideal girl (RP DM)
She loves it when I spit and feast on her asshole
My family hate my job and as far as their concerned I do too. Of course I would never lie to them, I really don’t like being swapped with my students and getting to pretend to be them all semester ;) I’m surprised they haven’t caught on considering I’m somehow always swapped with a girl!
When my new gf said she's a total freak I didn't believe her. She's a total smokeshow, lovely personality, and amazing in the sack so what's not to love? I finally realized what she meant when I went from playing video games to on my knees, in my favorite lingerie set of hers, in her body...
my best friend slipped a poison in my drink that turns me into a girl. he's saying that he'll cure me only if I fuck him. he's a 3 time divorcee and he's only 29... help
X-Change Duo - Part Two
She wants her body back but your too busy checking it out
“Dad what the fuck?! I’m getting dressed you can’t just barge into my room!” Yelled my daughter. I had a possession stone in my hand and all I had to do was wrap my arms around her. “Dad what are you doing?” She asks as she backs up tripping over her bean bag. (Rp)
2% of the world had shifted and i had woken up in some random forest in rural China, definitely not ideal. I stumble out of the forest, looking for wherever this woman lived, i needed to find out what happened and if there's a way back for me, and what was up with this getup. (RP)
After Brian had got caught up in the Great Shift, he found himself in his cousin's body. He loved the fact that he was in Claire's smoking hot body, her Modeling career and her boyfriend, but didn't care for her smoking addiction as much.
"Hah! This sucker thinks I'm actually a girl!" I cackled from my room. I was catfishing my bully but what I didn't know is that the further I went into the lie, the more it became the truth! Now I was everything I said I was on my tinder profile!
Your family is moving to a new house in the basement there is a secret room with a body swap machine. your sisters really want to try it out, but you're against it, but they're already considering who should swap bodies with you. (dm me for the character descriptions.)
After the great shift put people into different bodies, corrupt people started selling so called spell rituals that would reverse it. When the shift swapped me from a middle aged man to a woman, I would try anything to get my old life back. I hope nobody walks in though.. (RP)
About a month a ago I was diagnosed with second puberty and as my doctor put it my large muscular body was going look more like my petite, slim younger sister and to help my mother bought some bikinis ahead of time, though something wrong and I'm looking more and more like my older, bustier, mother
"Smile!" was the first thing I heard as I regained focus. somehow I was not getting my photo taken and not taking it though. looks like I've somehow become my sister!?
[23M4A] I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience
Re: Swap Meet - Part Five
I stole my gfs body (21) anyone wanna come say hi?
“Fuck mommy” I whimpered, I thought swapping with my boyfriend would shift the power dynamic but it definitely didn’t! If anything he became more dominant, especially when he got his hands on a strap on although he’s really gonna regret this when we swap back, I’m not sure he’ll be able to sit down!
The role exchanger reaked havoc on my family. We all merged into one body. I luckily remained in control but we got majority of my sister’s body, my dad’s cock and I think we have my mom’s smaller breasts. It does feel nice though…
"Okay dude I'm ready, what do you think?" your date to an event had bailed on you. you convinced me to take an xchange and be your date because I owed you. (rp)
Mom... since this happens to me... you gotta teach me how to be a woman. Since this spell does this to the oldest brother of the family. I might as well learn to be a beautiful woman.(RP)
I hadn’t gotten my mum a gift for her birthday so in a panic I quickly wrote up a coupon for a day in my body since she’d always hinted at it. I didn’t expect her to cash it in immediately. As soon as we got back home she left and I was by myself, I couldn’t help but examine the body I came out of!
Until an hour ago, I was a male college professor in my 30's. Then my colleague's experiment exploded and everyone in the building got randomly body-swapped. Being in this body is so strange, I had to duck into the bathroom. These yoga pants feel incredible on my student's, I mean, MY legs and ass!
They big enough? Maddie W
In an attempt to get closer to my sister, he tried hitting her boyfriend with the fusion gun but it emded up overloading. It took all three of them, getting his mind, with a few of there personality traits, my sisters body, and then the interests of a jock. (Rp)
My friend wanted me too make him a love potion for the hot neighborhood Milf across the street. However I accidentally added too much of her DNA and when it fell into his bath, well lets just say when he called me in, he was more her then himself. (Rp)
I was a virgin guy who was always horny, that's when the great shift happened and I find my dad has become a sexy looking milf , how can I control myself. So I told about my situation and she agreed to let me use her new body for my sexual needs
The neighborhood recluse turned out to be a novice practitioner of magic. One day, he got overconfident and selected a difficult spell to do. He lost control of the spell, and pushed his soul out of his body and into someone else’s. He was in awe at the body they now possessed, debating going back.
We pissed off a woman who worked at the zoo. We kept throwing things at the animals. The woman smirked at us and we started changing. We ran away as fast as possible to escape the spell. Now we’re stuck as tiger girls (RP)
outdoor bar romp
With the world birthrate rapidly declining, a new program was started. Everyone was put into a giant lottery and if you were selected, you'd join the breeder program. Well, I was selected and it was deemed I'd be a better mother than father... so here I am, post-change, waiting to meet my partner.
My friend took this weird new class at college called new Xperience class. Everyone in the class takes Xchange pills and for the whole semester they are the opposite gender. I finally saw my friend today and he looks hot he has busted me looking multiple times but can you blame me. (RP)
Yeah, not having a refractory period and being capable of multiple consecutive orgasms is fine and all but have you ever experience the euphoria of looking absolutely and ridonculously gorgeous on cute revealing lingerie? I went from boring gray Calvin Kleins to basically the entire ladies isle.
I thought i was being paid to do a modeling job as some celebrity, turns out i'm going to be kidnapped, forced to be a trophy wife in the form of sophia vergara, god damn j wish j had the power of seeing the future aswell! (RP)
I hadn’t been a swap agent long but I had learnt that wealthy targets want a naughty girl that will help them forget about their wife. My job? Get him to give up the majority share of a tech company, by any means necessary. Good thing I’m just a ditzy girl his ‘new friend’ hooked him up with!
For her 18th birthday my daughter(18) wanted to go on a beach trip with her sister(21) and my wife said yes?! So, instead of missing out me and you decide to possess them and have our own vacation! Which one are you choosing??
Would you jerk off to my tittydrop if I sent you some?
“Hi. I’m Bailey, I’m 25, and I just got the nerve to make this profile. Being shifted has changed a lot about my life, but it’s time to get back out there, you know?” And with that, I click submit on my new Shifter dating profile. (Rp)
[M4F] You are a secret service spy. To investigate a mafia boss, it is decided to use a new way of mind transfer. You are transferred into the body of the boss's wife for an indefinite period of time to gather information. You must not get caught.
"That's not me?!" I look at myself in the mirror, extra confused. I'd gotten my prescription for migraines, and last night I had one! I took my meds and went off to sleep. But my batch of medication had been spiked by a crazy chemist! She added a strong X-change to all my pills, now I'm a girl!?
FOSE can create shocking scenes, as this case when Frederica was fucking in the bathroom with her bf, but they forgot to lock the door, so Frederica's brother came in as she orgasmed, swapping their bodies, leaving her brother with the shock of seeing himself as cum went down his new belly and chest
RIP Maggie's jugs.
My stepdad was rich and a very impulsive! When he mentioned buying a skinsuit, it seemed like a classic Gerry move. But the short stubby, slightly ugly man had changed, a LOT. Still short, just a whole lot easier on the eye, and he knew it. This ‘family’ country holiday was sure to be interesting…
Want a taste? 44 Female
2% of the world had shifted and i had woken up in some random forest in rural China, definitely not ideal. I stumble out of the forest, looking for wherever this woman lived, i needed to find out what happened and if there's a way back for me, and what was up with this getup. (RP)
library shenanigans
I'd let my girlfriend turn me into her horse for a riding show. It's been a lot of fun, but having my mind put into the brain and body of a mare is starting to affect me. And I think my girlfriend is enjoying it a bit too much. "See that stud over there. If you win, I'll let him breed you..."
"shit its 4:59 and still 10 flights of stairs, why did this elevator have to be broken" my sister wanted to become a witch so I let her test a body swap spell on us, I just needed to be home by 5:00 or the swap would be permanent, "I cant be stuck in this weak, jiggly body forever, god I need a bra"
Someone help me! The STEM sorority at my school invited me to spend the summer at a tropical resort with them and of course I said yes. But I didn't realize they wanted a test subject! I've spent a week as a girl and it'll likely last whole summer. Worse, they're making me wear bikinis! (Lit RP)
My life couldn’t get any worse! My dumbass roommate slipped X-change into my drink, he said he’ll give me the antidote if I wear girls clothes and … suck his dick, I knew he was a virgin but this is too far
You were a citizen in Beach City when you found some old gem technology. This allowed the user to apparently control and possess any gem they shot it with. However it would keep the afflicted gem aware, watching as their body moved against their will. Who did you use it on? (RP)
I thought that maybe this swap app would be fun, I’ve always wondered how it felt to be a woman, until someone knocked me to the floor and cracked my phone [FREE TRIAL HAS ENDED, DELETING APP] i can’t switch back? No no no no, you stupid app give me back my body, but nothing worked
The all boys school and all girls school in town have a swap class program that ends with a formal dance. It will be my first time seeing my male body in four months. This is me in the white dress with the other members of the swap class. (RP)
It’s your first day as an intern at the body suit company. Your boss leads you to a room. “These are three of our most recent models. Feel free to try any of them on. There may be a few tests you can help us out with.” (RP)
All The Way to The Bottom
Bhianka hadn’t known she’d bought a cursed mirror until she found herself on the other side of the glass. “Finally,” her old body exclaimed, “You have NO idea how long I was in there! Don’t worry, I won’t leave you yet… I want you to watch what I do to your delicious body ;)” (RP)
My sister constantly complains about her weight gain, I always tell her that it's stupid and that she shouldn't worry, so she decided that we should swap bodies to teach me a lesson, although now she keeps looking at my ass "Everything ok sis?" (RP)
[a4M] The tradition of the demon realm is that a descendant of royalty must give birth to the next heir to the crown, so the queen (my mother) decided to fix it with her magic, transforming me into the demon princess, and now, hundreds of men want to fill me with their seed.
My college friend had an idea to swap bodies on the party for fun, so she could finally have some fun without all the boys hitting on her. However she got too drunk in my body to swap back so I had to go back to the dorm room and meet with her tomorrow (rp)
You were extremely sheltered growing up. Your aunt raised you by herself and homeschooled you. When you turned 18, you begged her to let you go to college. Your roommate is changing when you realize not all girls have the same equipment as you between their legs. (RP)
Your friend starting dating this girl and now he never has time to hangout. One day you wished he’d always want to hangout with you like he does her. Somehow the next morning you became your female self! He was still dating that girl but you were confident you could take him for yourself!
I should've said no... My girlfriend's mom told me she needed to borrow my body for its strength. I thought it was bullshit, but she kept telling me it would be fine. I'd be able to work from home while in her body after all. Reluctantly I said yes. Shockingly, she really was able to swap us...
This delivery girl has afew more stops to make. I'm sure possession her will make them a bit more exciting for the last few customers
Despite going through Second Puberty, I still remained a nerd at heart: I still hung out with the same friends, we played videogames and D&amp;D. I text you: "Hey, bought this new game today. Wanna come over and try it out?" (RP)
We all agreed we needed a girl in the band to be more popular, but after days of looking we couldn’t find anyone. That’s when the drummer said he had a solution. After picking the short straw I’m here practicing my new voice before everyone comes to practice (Rp)
Don't Mess With Mommy Bloggers
"let me in! It's the crazy witch girl she stole my body!" I managed to get up to your elevator, but not past you as you blocked me. We were best friends... but this crazy witch girl was jealous of me and you, we spent all our time together as friends... so she stole my body! "Please... believe me!"
I was swapped with my girlfriend during The Great Shift. Being in my body, she discovered the huge foot fetish I had for her that I never told her about. I guess she’s the one with the foot fetish now. “That’s so fucking hot daddy!” I scream to my new boyfriend.
“T~This feels pretty weird…” I said a little nervous in my new body. We had found a possession app and fought over who used it first, I won the bet and took over our next door neighbor Jane.
“Eyes on the road dude.” We’d been planning this road trip for months, and I wasn’t about to let my Second Puberty stop us from having a good time. But judging by the looks you keep giving me, you’ve got a different sort of “good time” in mind.
(M4A) "I-I don't know mom... I-Isn't this technically incest?" Your son would whine as you playfully straddled his lap. You had died in a car crash last week, but for some reason your spirit transferred over to some rich brat~ Of course you'd use your new body to spoil your own flesh and blood~
I Told You I Would Make A Very Special Spokesperson For The Gathering, But You Didn’t Believe Me. I Could Only Wonder If You Have Changed Your Mind, And Something In Your Face Tells Me It Has
Do you think Im pretty in pink?
"Hey do me a favor, take this would you?" I was confused as I was immediately whisked away when I waked through the door at my rich friend's party, but I take the small pill he offers. "Great. Now can you put this on and serve people? Thanks bud." He tosses me a tiny gold bikini and rushes off (RP)
After my dad died, my stepmother decided she needed another daughter to compliment the two gorgeous ones they already had. Three years later, no one sees me as a guy anymore. My stepfamily sucks and I want to go back. I want to be me. (Chat for RP)
Me and my friends were having a party, obviously we didn't really have female friends because we were shy and kind of nerdy. We were just having some drinks and playing some video games when this girl walked in with a big smirk on her face we don't know who she is but Steven still hasn't shown up RP
I was mocking a friend over discord until she got completely fed up. I made one too many jokes about “gamer girls”, and somehow she made me into one. Now I’m a chick who acts exactly how “real gamers” tell me. I send you a message over discord asking for your help. (RP)
Well this is just awful! I tried to use an online swap clinic; I wanted to be dark and handsome, so I wrote "brooding." Well, tried to. It autocorrected to "breeding" so here I am, looking to be bred. (rp)
"Hey do me a favor, take this would you?" I was confused as I was immediately whisked away when I waked through the door at my rich friend's party, but I take the small pill me offers. "Great. Now can you put this on and serve people? Thanks bud." He tosses me a tiny gold bikini and rushes off (RP)
I knew it was too good to be true. The fancy apartment, the good location, the cheap price. I thought the guy looking for roommates seemed cool. It turned out that the reason it was so cheap was his hobby of turning his roommates into women. And then making them work to be changed back (RP)
My friends and I thought it would be fun to go to the island. I loved my body but I realized I was in a male body once we got there. My body was around here somewhere being used by someone else. I searched until I found it in a bikini. “Who the hell is in my body?” I said to myself.
It’s pretty embarrassing to be the only person ever to have undergone second puberty and turned from a man to a woman. My family and friends are being so weird too… (RP choose which I turn into)
We had a fun night of playing games and drinking at our apartment. Little did I know your second puberty was coming up. I woke up to your warm, squishy body pressed up against me, with a soft hand slipping under my pants.
My life was in immediate danger and it was decided I should be placed into witness protection there was two slots available for a husband and wife in California I was kind of excited to find out who my new wife was until I realised I was going to be the wife!
My girlfriend
My roommate recently got a new hobby, really getting into magic. We were both home one Saturday when I paused the tv after I thought I heard a woman’s voice coming from his room. (rp)
I'm pretty enough for you?
I knew astral projection was risky, I wanted to be able to have sex with my crush so the only way was to hop into his boyfriend... well things are harder to do in real life and not only did I got stuck into Melissa, I think part of her soul is imprinting in mine, I wonder if it will afect my body.
My girlfriend turned me into her sorority sister for the weekend, we are trying on clothes. What happens next? (RP)
My family got hit by the great shift, well everyone but me which is lucky but awkward at the same time. The most awkward thing is my brother moved out of his apartment back to the house. We don't have an extra room so me and him share on. I think he likes teasing me. (RP)
This is terrible!!! My ex used magic to transform me into a horny girl, I can’t stop trying to orgasm but nothing works, this is so frustrating
(M4A) You were never all that popular when it came to women. You were short, skinny, and your voice was naturally girly~ So when a male coworker asked you out, you immediately accepted, desperate for affection~ One thing led to the next, and now you're dolled up in a cute cosplay, about to get bred~
Cheating rp anyone?
I walked away for a second to get my girlfriend a drink. As I’m walking back, I hear a small scream escape from her mouth as her eyes go blank. Her eyes return to normal and she smiles and starts feeling herself up. (RP)
When your parents turned me into a girl after agreeing to help them I wasn’t expecting them to want me to date you though I guess it’s fine since we’re friends and we get along pretty well and like all the same things anyway, I just hope they aren’t expecting to keep me like this! (Rp)
In rare cases, the Role Exchanger can swap traits between species. I was one of these unlucky few. I got my sister’s body, the obedience of a dog, and the instincts of a cat. To my sister (in my body), it was her lucky day. Now, she trains me to be her new pet and I can’t stop myself from loving it.
To follow up u/Extremely_Ravilonely what is one body swap trope or cliché that you personally like and which isn't represented as much as you'd like on the subreddit?
You best be careful when exploring the deep dark parts of the Earth. There’s all sorts of mysteries unknown to man down there. I was fortunate to escape from one myself. But it’s left me permanently altered. I think my head’s the same but everything below the neck feels different.
My roommate confessed his love to me after we had lived together for the last year, I felt bad rejecting him but I just wasn’t gay…he left in a hurry and I didn’t see him for 2 days, and now…we’ll I don’t know how to feel…
The team thought it would be beneficial to have a girl on our Esports team, though I didn't know they meant me until they handed me the pill... (RP Wanted)
My brother was finishing up his freshman year of college and was tagged in a bunch of pictures of this hot girl at the spring formal, but he wasn’t in any of the pictures. I text him. “Damn dude! Who’s that hottie on your IG? She has great legs and a nice ass.” (RP)
A Dream
Good morning I hope my chocolate drop turns you on (oc)
My friend was sick with no cure so we went to a witch. She said if she made me a woman, my milk could cure him. Weird, trust me, I know. I did it, but it's so awkward. I feel like every time he nurses I become more feminine and nurturing and things seem to be more sexual between us.
After the Shift, Rachel went to a strip club with her buddies. She's never actually been to one before but now as a guy she thought it would be fun. Her friends bought her a lapdance but she was surprised when it was her former body. Later on, she became reacquainted with it, in more ways than one.
I had always wanted to try Chrono-Tree and experience the life of one of my ancestors. I had payed enough money to live a year of their life. I input the time period I wanted and was then put in the most compatible body for me. Apparently my great, great, great grandmother was a sailor.
You'd been given one wish, and you used it to get closer to your favorite twitch streamer, hoping that it'd come true. Unfortunately, it did somewhat come true, but it swapped me, your best friend, with your hot, favorite streamer~ Please don't do anything weird!~
"Don't freak out. You are in my body. I am taking you up on your offer. You said you would do anything to help me get out of this wedding. This is my best idea. You can now be Ashley the bride. Good Luck with the wedding! My sister... I mean your sister can answer any questions you have. Thanks! (RP
I Told You I Would Make A Very Special Spokesperson For The Gathering, But You Didn’t Believe Me. I Could Only Wonder If You Have Changed Your Mind, And Something In Your Face Tells Me It Has
Before the great shift, I was a generic workout douche... and after the great shift? I'm still a generic workout douche, except now I'm 5'2 and a woman! I still send the same texts... but now it's to girls in guys bodies! "Hey babe, heard you needed a girl to take home from the gym today?"
my girlfriend said she was going out with a friend but I knew she was lying I used my magic to find where she was but I accidentally possessed her and I was met with her tits out in full view sitting beside some strange man taking his dick out “shit why can’t I leave this body” i was trapped shit…
We all agreed we needed a girl in the band to be more popular, but after days of looking we couldn’t find anyone. That’s when the drummer said he had a solution. After picking the short straw I’m here practicing my new voice before everyone comes to practice (Rp open)
My ex girlfriend and I had ended on bad terms. I guess she never got over it, swapping bodies with me and running off with my wealth! Here I am in her last year of college….
Kateeeeeeeeee
My college classmate glazed me after lecture
Want to make me your Mom?
Breathtaking Babe
I was horribly unpopular while my sister was the complete opposite. I asked her for tips on how to get people to like me more and she suggested a makeover of sorts. She gave me a fitness regiment and some pills every day, and these are the results.. I don't know if I like what I am now
My girlfriend's sister asked me to swap with her so I could take her theoretical physics final. Well I did, passed with an 89.5 % but now the professor is coming on to me and wants me to fuck him. should I do it and get cumlocked?
I decided to spice up my night by using my magic glasses to switch places with this lady I mean she’s getting a bit flirty with this guy but oh well we’ll see how it goes. As soon as I lower her phone I realise I was recording and just as it finish I watched the chaos. Oh boy wasn’t the best idea…
[F4M] My science teacher in college used to keep bodysuits in his classroom. One day I broke into the room to try one on but now I'm stuck in it and can't figure out how to get out.
[23M4A] I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience
Me and my friends were having a party, obviously we didn't really have female friends because we were shy and kind of nerdy. We were just having some drinks and playing some video games when this girl walked in with a big smirk on her face we don't know who she is but Steven still hasn't shown up RP
My ex girlfriend and I had ended on bad terms. I guess she never got over it, swapping bodies with me and running off with my wealth! Here I am in her last year of college….
I pose and smile as my wife in my body takes a picture. We were trying to act as normally as possible around her family, as we were freaking out about the Body Swap. Her mom had told us not to look into the family magic... but we found a book and accidentally released a spell! I smile at her mom.(RP
Hot Shemale Fucks Petite Babe Will Getting Fucked by Huge Cock
Me and my friends were having a party, obviously we didn't really have female friends because we were shy and kind of nerdy. We were just having some drinks and playing some video games when this girl walked in with a big smirk on her face we don't know who she is but Steven still hasn't shown up RP
My mom is a strict woman, that's why I was afraid to tell her about my dream of being a woman but one day she found me trying on her dresses,I thought she would be mad, but she told me that women were the best in the world,now we are busty mom and daughter, I Love you busty mom I’m a woman now🥰👙
To follow up u/Extremely_Ravionely what is one body swap trope or cliché that you personally like and which isn't represented as much as you'd like on the subreddit?
(M4ApTM) The sound of your roommate slamming his waist against your ass as his throbbing, rock hard cock bred your heat would echo throughout the room~ The two of us have been feeling rather pent up recently, one round of drinks later, and we were fucking like rabbits~
Shy and innocent busty girl here. I've been thinking that this body isn't really being used to its full potential. Im looking to you to offer up a bit of a personality change. If you think you can do that id love to hear from you.
When my brother got into a bad accident his whole body was rendered useless. The doctors said there was one way they could save him and that was putting him in the woman's body who was in the other car. We agreed to do it and he was uncomfortable at first but I think he is ok now. (RP)
(M4ApFB) "Perfect~ Now strike a cute pose, just like that~" Your roommate would coo as he recorded your movements. "Fuck those fake tits were the best investment we ever made~ This shoot's going to give us all the jerk off material we'll ever need for a week~"
[/r/XMilfTube] Getting her daily Bull fuck
“Alright mom, enough is enough. I was being nice and lent you my body for Mother’s Day, but it’s over now. It’s time to swap back now. I can’t be you anymore.” (RP)
I found this magic wand in my great grandmother’s attic after she passed. I figured it wasn’t real or wouldn’t work, but I went into my bedroom and tried the one thing every guy would do… making my cock bigger. But instead, it was replaced with a vagina. (RP)
An experiment gone wrong (part 2)
What do you think?
About a week ago my stepmom made me go to the swap clinic and swap bodies with my step sister I hate it but these boobs are giant I don’t know where to put them
Pink Hair And Puffies
(M4ApTF) Your roommate's been begging you since the day you got back from your surgery to give him a little bit of fap fuel~ You finally caved, letting him record you making an ahegao face... Tou couldn't help but feel a little excited at the thought of him jerking off to you later~
What is one body swap trope or cliché that you personally do not like and would rather do away with?
Enjoy ;)
Having a Trader for a daughter can be rough going. You never know when she’s decided to switch bodies with some rando in the area. At least they’re usually discreet. This guy she picked today loves flaunting my daughter’s body around.
As A Male Teacher, It Was Hard To Get Families To Help Their Children Out, And Actually Listen To Me, But With This New Drug, I’ve Had No Problem Getting Any Of The Male Guardians To Listen.
The only way we're letting you join our troop is if you put on the magic sash
We wanted to make a trip across Europe, so I came with the idea to borrow someone's body with a spell...As we enchanted the spell we where supposed to end up in some rich guys, instead you started talking about all the girls we would get, and, well... this is us now, at least we are having fun(RPDM)
(M4TF) You never really felt comfortable in your body. But i was there to help you go through life. Now we’re roommates, and you just got your top surgery. You wanted to surprise me, so you made me cover my eyes. When i uncover them, i see you with your new tits out. “Wow, they did a great job” (Rp)
Getting The Professor’s Attention Back Before My Second Puberty Was Quite Hard, Even With My Good Grades. Now? As Easy As It Came
Help! I just wanted to work at the the strip club as a bartender or something, not this! When I was hired, the manager said that my body was “too good not to have on display!” Next thing I know, I’ve lost control of it! (RP)
So, my first date as a swapped woman was a bust. He only wanted sex, and to talk about how I was swapped. But I’m trying again with someone new. I hope it goes well. (Rp)
When the Great Shift struck, me and my roommate agreed to continue living together, as we were comfortable with each other, and were good roommates. However, John (now Joanna) hadn't lost his habit of a shower and coffee, sans clothing, and my resilience was starting to break...
I turned and smiled for the camera. Doing everything that my sister told me to. Somehow she had found a Genie. Unluckily, I had spent the afternoon telling her that being a pregnant woman was easy. People were too nice to them. So guess who used 2 wishes to make me a pregnant young mom! (RP)
[M playing as F4A] Any milf fans? Trap me in a milf body and live out your fantasies. I’m not picky, so if it involves a milf dm me!
“Who can help me with my homework?” I sent out a snap on my private story…after I swapped with this foreign exchange student I decided to use my new body to make this semester the easiest I’ve ever had
Look dude, I know you’re a virgin and awkward around girls so I took X-change and thought I’ll send you a nude video of me
It was just a regular day at Hogwarts when I went to be that night... But when I woke up in my crushes body, I knew something odd had happened. (RP wanted)
after getting in a fight with my friend about college and accidently saying she might as well be a dumb slut I found out she was a witch. she told me to make it up to her I have to pass all of her midterms as her but for every question I got wrong I'd become more and more a dumb slut. (rp)
If your day doesnt start with coffee and a hand-job, you need to re-evaluate your morning routine. [f]40 [m]41
“I hate you, I hate you so much” I repeated as I look at my new female body dressed in my sister’s clothes, I owed you a favour and you decided to cash in on that favour by asking me to take X-Change so you can convince your parents you have a girlfriend
"let me in! It's the crazy witch girl she stole my body!" I managed to get up to your elevator, but not past you as you blocked me. We were best friends... but this crazy witch girl was jealous of me and you, we spent all our time together as friends... so she stole my body! "Please... believe me!"
We couldn't believe our luck when these two redheads started hitting on us. Soon they were stripping naked and asking us to cum on their tits. We were happy to oblige, but as soon as we came, we both suddenly found ourselves on our knees, looking down in shock at our new bodies!
I found myself as part of the Cabin Crew after I got caught trying to caress the Flight Attendant’s leg as she walked by. “I’ve had ENOUGH” was the last thing I heard before finding myself dressed like this.
I Didn’t Think That This “Second Puberty” Stuff Would Be Fun For Me. When It Happened, I Even Felt Devastated For Awhile. But…..I’ve Gotten The Hang Of It. I Just Hope My Family Can Too
Knocking hard on your door “dude open up I need to talk to you, remember last night when we went clubbing, a girl led me to a private room than swapped our bodies” I freak out ranting “I can’t find her so I’m stuck In her body, you have to help me” I shake you, try to get you to get what I’m saying
I was looking over my character sheet of my D&amp;D Half-Elf Warlock last night wishing I could get a female perspective to RP her better, and I woke up like this! I have D&amp;D with my geeky friends in a few hours! What should I do? (RP)
Want a new mom?
I knew I shouldn't have made the X-Change bet. Now I was stuck like this for a week on vacation with my friends. It didn't take long for them to start playing pranks on me, like stealing my clothes. "Just take a quick dip in the pool and we'll give them back" they said (RP)
The New Neighbors (M2M, F2F, Body Swap)
I finally plucked up the courage to tell my friend about my possession powers. I knew he wouldn’t believe me at all so I had to prove it to him. I called my mom into the room and right as she sat beside my I disappeared and entered her “See dude? Told you I could do it!” I say looking at him. (RP)
Bubble Butt
"Surprise," I greet my boyfriend from my new body. My boyfriend knew his parent's wouldn't approve of him dating a white guy, so I decided to fix the problem with a trip to the Swap Clinic, "What do you? They'll approve of us now, won't they?" (RP)
roleplay - the witch laughed as we passed out..."2 friends will become family" she cackled as I blacked... when I woke up we both screamed as we had turned into mother and daughter!!! "Aaron?! I ask from my new fat older body
"one last day" I mutter under my breath. I had gone to the swap clinic to get a body to make sure my sister was adjusting well to college. two weeks was almost up but little did I know my old body had already been sold. I was stuck and was about to be expelled for skipping class. (RP)
Aspen Rae in her prime (IMO)
X-Change Duo - Part One
Damn!
I’ve done it, he really thinks he’s gone mad. I was lonely, that’s true, but I had one friend. And as friends do, I turned him into a woman. He was upset at first, but I kept gaslighting him into believing this is who he really was and that he was the crazy one. Now, I have one girlfriend
I’m addicted to COCK! Ever since my jealous ex girlfriend had used magic to turn me into a girl, I couldn’t help but constantly think about cock, it’s embarrassing and I haven’t told anyone about it, when my friend was asleep I snuck in and had a taste of his meat…it tasted like heaven
thigh highs always get me going
My mom went to spooky island for a couple weeks with her friends she’s a single mom and wanted to relax at this new resort when she came back she was acting different a few of my friends noticed that too (rp/dms open)
In my family, when we reach a certain age we can take over another body for life by touching it. I started to feel sick, a sign of the day of the change. I didn't want to touch anyone, but a woman who saw me ill came up to me worriedly and touched my arm. My body has disappeared and I am now her.
When I made a wish to be famous I didn’t expect this, but I now know what the guy meant by saying the wish will get twisted.
After finding a wishing coin in a pawn shop I debated on what to wish for for months until one day me and my gf got Into a huge fight. when I was about to storm out I wished my life was different and suddenly the room shook and I was brought to my knees as my life suddenly became sticky (rp)
I had bought a couple of liquors, that promised new sensations, well i didn't like totally knew that it would like made my body so bubbly and girly and mind so pinky... It happened with my like first bottle, i drank the golden... i have 8 bottles from different color, i hope to change back (RP)
My life was fine before the demon possessed me. Now I have powers that I can't control and live with the constant fear of the next time he takes control... (AMA)
I stare in the mirror looking at what was my mothers body through her eyes, after a spell I cast went wrong I ended up swapping bodies with my mom and I’m stuck for the time being and while I’ve spent so long resisting the urge to play with them I finally caved and felt her fat tits
I’ve attribute swapped my way from left to right, anyone want to trade anything else with me?
Queen Bee - Part One
(M4F) I’m curious what a body swap rp would be like, I can start as f and become m or be m and become f
"School was fine, DAD" I say in an annoyed tone to my boss. "Have you gotten ahold of Ally yet? Being an 18 year old girl is getting old" I say as I fix my long red hair. At a recent party she took a fancy to me and used the prototype swap ray to take over my body and refuses to give it back!
(M4ApTF) You were watching Netflix with your roommate when you caught him staring at your new, perfectly shaped tits~ Ever since you had transitioned, you've caught him peeking at your curves whenever he thought you weren't looking~ "Come on dude, you can stare at my tits if you want~" You'd tease~
Jack was always a asshole! he bullied you and tried everything to make your live miserable, but times have changed! You gained the ability to change reality. Maybe you possess one of his closest friends and turn his live into hell? Or give him his sister body and show him his new place? (RP)
“Dude you could’ve knocked” I scream as I cover myself up, it took me 15 seconds to realise you had walked into my room, I was turned into girl by the gender wave, I was horny so I decided to dress in my girlfriend’s clothes and finger myself
Breathtaking Babe
I discovered my possession abilities and a creepy guy offered me money to possess this girl. Being broke I couldn’t refuse. I was scared at first as he wanted to do sexual stuff to me. However after spending the weekend being his slave I found I’ve got a new kink! Anyone else want to hire me? (RP)
ban me
Made a wish to get back with my ex gf and next morning found myself in a woman’s body. I ran to the bathroom and saw that I’m in her new bimbo girlfriends body. I needed to have it used by someone and hurt my ex like she hurt me. Going to put something tight on this body and have men use it.
"Ok mom I let you have a break, mother's day is over. Can we please swap back, it was so weird sleeping in the same bed as dad this morning." I complain after you swapped our bodies yesterday to have a break from your motherly duties.
Carol heard some familiar noises coming from her son Kyle's room. She peeked in and saw him dressed in lingerie playing with a new toy. She was glad he finally accepted his new mature body after the Great Shift. She just wished her former body would stop turning her new male body on so much.
I was abducted by aliens... it was terrifying! But even scarier was when they put me back down to earth... In the WRONG body!? I was thrown back down to earth as a woman, in the wrong place too! I had to try get help... but who was I going to find outside my bedroom door?
My girlfriend caught me writing stories about being transformed into a woman. She was upset that I didn’t talk to her about it, so, she used her secret witch skills to change reality, and now… well… you see. (Rp)
Mother’s Day once again. My favourite time of the year, my mom thinks I don’t like it but I secretly love when we swap for the week of Mother’s Day. This year she’s gone away on holidays with my body leaving me home alone. (RP)
The great shift swapped me into an unusual body. I was now a woman which was weird... but I was taller than I used to be? Now I was a little over Six foot tall... Everyone around me was pretty surprised how I looked now, but I figured dressing cute was okay, even if I was so tall?
“You are such a little flirt!” My girlfriend teased me. We’d agreed that she could use her spell book to turn me into her bisexual girlfriend temporarily but three days in and I was far more into the boys that I thought I would be.
After being magically transformed into a girls body I had lost everything that I owned. With no money i started looking for a fresh start. Recently I got a job at a gym. My work was to dress sexy and workout to attract more horny male crowd. Do you think I am doing a good job?
(M4TF) You used to be a broke, gross, homeless man, struggling out on the streets... Until you found yourself kidnapped and brought to a strange research facility~ It turns out a rich CEO with mommy issues needed a cute chick to scratch his submissive itch, and you were selected to become that girl~
A few hours ago my mother and I were walking the streets with ease, until a horrible homeless man jumped on my mother and possessed my mother's body, now she is simply enjoying everything
I tried to stop her, but as soon as my friend finished the last words of the spell, I could already feel my body changing. All i had to do was pass her test and we’d start changing back, but what if i somehow failed?
As a woke SJW, Danielle wanted to experience for herself the injustices of being a gay black man, so we swapped. After living as a sophomore for a month, I'm just amazed at all the privileges rich &amp; straight pretty white women have. I can get away almost with anything just by flashing my tits! [RP]
My best friend Ava and I had just graduated high school and before college she wanted to experience something new… I thought she was going to ask me out but no… instead she swapped our bodies to try being a guy… This is going to be the weirdest summer, at least she’s still hanging out with me. (RP)
I constantly told my girlfriend that being a woman was easy and her problems were really not that bad. One day, she had the idea to get matching tattoos. After I had gotten my triangle one, we swapped into each other! Now I can’t stop staring at HIM…
Every Festival During Spring Break
Do you enjoy chubby short girls?
It’s been a week since my second puberty started. The only people who knew were my family and my girlfriend, but I had to accept that I’m a girl now. I post a picture in my gf’s bikini top. “Hi everyone. It’s Jason, but I’m going by Jamie now.” (RP)
wife possessed
Body Swap CHYOA
I tried to stop her, but as soon as my friend finished the last words of the spell, I could already feel my body changing. All i had to do was pass her test and we’d start changing back, but what if i somehow failed?
Swap week 3: it was fun being pregnant for a week, but now I’ve been swapped into Saydee! She is a super nice person and friendly, but turns out she is a lesbian! It’ll be nice to be attracted to women again.
small?
I Didn’t Think That This “Second Puberty” Stuff Would Be Fun For Me. When It Happened, I Even Felt Devastated For Awhile. But…..I’ve Gotten The Hang Of It. I Just Hope My Family Can Too
Okay, okay, I'll put on this suit, just stop asking for it all the time. Hmm it seems to me or has it become looser at the bottom tighter at the top? Something definitely feels wrong.
I've been telling my sister she could make big bucks selling videos of herself for years! I've given up asking and decided to possess her and do it myself! My friends were the first customers ofcourse
I took an xchange pill and became her. My thoughts are slowly changing
I have to admit, it was really funny to prank our parents by swapping bodies with my sister. but now we want to swap back, the device isn't doing anything... my sis starts to panic and we go to the doctor for help. anybody tips? (open rp\AMA)
I always dreamed about being a Milf! a cougar on the hunt for fresh meat! and the perfect women was my friends mom. in a moment of weakness I bought myself a possession device and took over Stella's life. I'm not proud of it. but look how sexy this dress is! Now I'll go party and fuck some guys!
i want to transition and look like her, she looks beautiful (crush)
I was falling asleep when there was a loud clap of thunder and the power went out. When the power came back on, I look in the mirror and see a college aged girl dressed as an angel. I slowly realize that somehow this girl is me. (RP)
I Had Preached About How Aliens Were Fake, And How They Would Never Contact Us. I Didn’t Know They Lived Among Us Though, Nor Did I Know They Had Measures To Keep Themselves Going, Including Switching Your Sex
I’ve attribute swapped my way from left to right, anyone want to trade anything else with me?
My life was fine before the demon possessed me. Now I have powers that I can't control and live with the constant fear of the next time he takes control... (AMA)
My butthole wanted to say hi ;)
The multiverse was shifting around me something was clearly very wrong as I looked down and saw a developed feminine form. Before I could even comprehend it I felt it shift again as my muscles became a lot bigger and I felt very powerful what was I wearing (Rp/AMA)
My stud~
When I joined my boyfriend on his family vacation, I wasn't expecting this! His mother didn't approve of our interracial relationship so she whipped up a little magic to make me "more fitting for her son". He's furious with his mom and I'm trying to figure out what to do...
We couldn't believe our luck when these two redheads started hitting on us. Soon they were stripping naked and asking us to cum on their tits. We were happy to oblige, but as soon as we came, we both suddenly found ourselves on our knees, looking down in shock at our new bodies!
9th of March 2029: the Clinic Incident. The establishment known as the swap clinic, who pioneered commercial swapping, had a piece of equipment misfire and explode. The shockwave effected every employee as they lost their bodies and forgot who they were, losing all of the company’s secrets with them
Roleplay - my dad laughed as he upset the black lady after insulting black lives matter. she laughed back and he proofed into a proof of smoke, when it cleared I screamed as a mixed raced, young girl stared back at me "what's wrong son? what's happened" he asks unaware still with his deep voice
You were really regretting inviting your brother along to Exchange Island with you and your girlfriend. Especially after he ended up in your girlfriend's body, she ended up in some buff dude's body, and you were in your brother's body... (RP)
this skirt makes me feel so pretty!
Ever since your mother and I suddenly divorced, I've been spending a lot of time at the gym. Over the past few months, I've transformed from an overweight middle aged guy to this blonde gym bunny goddess. Although my body is entirely unrecognizable, I seem to think everything is normal.
Roleplay - you're a happily married, rich 56 year old father of 2..until today when your daughter's fat friend Sarah came thinking about you during the FOSE...you wake up confused with a dildo in your pussy...everyone will think you masturbated to her!!
roleplay - I was a cop challenged with busting a huge drugs deal at the local school..I stepped into the tramsformation pod to be aged down to my 18 year old self..however, the machine started beeping as it was contaminated with a female hair..I step out of the machine "whats everyone staring at"
I’ve learned over the years not to care what people think about me. My mom is one of the top fashion designers in the country and she parades me around in traditionally feminine clothing. And to be honest, I really like wearing skirts and dresses, but I still identify as a guy. AMA/RP
I just wanted to make your Monday a lil better ;) (19)
I shuddered, then everything went black. I felt like I was falling for a few seconds before coming to by the pool in our backyard. The first thing I noticed was the overwhelming silence, but the blonde hair on my face and the nails were a dead giveaway. I've somehow swapped with my deaf sister! (RP)
!!! I'm selling my the bodies of my family !!! Original owner and never possessed before. Do whatever you like with their bodies that's non of my business. prices are negotiable! thanks for your interest!
Those dreams where you arent over your ex. And you figure possessing them is a good way to understand them and the best way to get over them...😍
The one thing my mom always wanted was a daughter. For Mother’s Day, I gave her that. I took a 24 hr xchange pill Saturday night and we had a girls day all day yesterday. It was more fun than I expected, but I was glad it was only one day. But when I woke up today, I’m still a girl. “Mom! Help!”(RP)
My father and I made a deal, he would give me $10,000 and five years to make my rock band a success, but if I failed I would have to work for him. Five years later and after forcing me to take an xchange pill, I am the bait he uses to make his works accept his sales.
Oh damn. Them tits
After some kind of weird flash, I found myself in my sisters body. At first I Didnt even notice but when i saw my reflection in a car, i was shocked. I took a picture and send it to her with the text "uhh sis... are you missing something?"(open RP\AMA)
"wait no." I couldn't say anything else as I saw my body disappear leaving me stuck in my ex's. after she dumped me I ruined her reputation leading to her being seen as a crazy slut. she finally found me and said I could live the life I created before swapping us. i need to get someone to believe me
I need a bud to play games with
Nice smile
(M4ApTF) "D-dude, did you really have to go ahead and make yourself that cute..." Your roommate would whine as he playfully pushed you onto the mattress, his eyes tracing your cute curves~ It had been months since you've transitioned, and it seemed as if he couldn't hold himself back any longer~
My roomate says his powers aren't working so I'm stuck in this body. I'm starting to think he's lying about his powers though.
We found this ancient magic book in the woods. Before we can figure out what spell to use, I take the book, start chanting in an old language and pass out. You watch my body collapse onto the ground and transform. When I wake up, I look down. “Yes! I am back in a human form. Praise me mortal!” (RP)
“Why are you walking around without a shirt on” my roommate yelled, ever since a witch turned me into a girl, I’ve been teasing my roommate with my new body
You And Your Friends Had A Twisted Idea. Your Brother Had Tricked You All Into Paying For Everything On Mother’s Day, Breaking Your Bank’s And Making You Believe You Had To Spend That Much. So You Wanted Revenge. You Found Your Old Remote You Promised To Never Use, And Turned Him.
Finding out my girlfriend is a witch is certainly interesting… but now I know she loves to tease me with it… and now on a fancy date she swapped our bodies! She looks like she’s really enjoying it too! (RP)
I thought swap bodies with my teacher would be a great idea: beautiful body, being older, having a job, money and my own home, but... I don't know anything about my classes, my classmates are very annoying to educate, my teacher refuses to help me and her boyfriend lives in her house.
Roleplay - after insulting a with in a bar last night, you woke up the next morning transformed into the fat girl you were laughing at! you message me, your best friend for help
Fair to say my first (and last) temporal displacement test was a total failure. I accidentally changed the past so that I was born female, and in this new reality, instead of a doctorate I earned my MRS degree &amp; became a devoted wife and mother of five. My lab never existed, so I'll never fix this.
Jeff's parents were scientists who needed a test subject. I was a college kid whose parents had died. So here I was, spending the summer as a girl while his mom did some hypnotic experiments. Luckily both were clinical and decent. Then one day Jeff walked into my room. "Found your triggers. Teapot."
Me and three of my friends went to exchange island for two weeks.Only two of us ended up in adult bodies well after putting the kids to bed we decided to….explore.
My friend would tell me I could never get a Big Titty Goth Girlfriend I always talked about. I was able to prove him wrong though, although at the expense of my friend... (RP Wanted)
ugh bro hey out of here just because mom said you could turn me into a girl doesn't mean you can barge into the bathroom while I'm in here. Get out get out. (rp wanted)
Ashl3y hal33
I had fallen through a temporal rift and some how ended up in a different universe. this is me now. my name is Taylor and I'm 21 (as of today) how do I look?
Jiggle Physics
I held my purse as I waited for you to speak up.You were my best friend and a rich,but you never committed to a relationship and choose the partying life.Your parents told you to get engaged by the time they visited. You begged me to cover for you,and I reluctantly agreed, “well? Say something”
"Please can you turn me back? I'm so sorry about everything, I promise I will clean it up and fix it!" I was on vacation in an airbnb, and one party later things got a bit rowdy. The owner heard about it checked up on me, and they didn't like it when I got a bit rude. Turns out they knew some magic.
Having My Second Puberty Meant I Had To Learn Things From An Opposite Perspective, And My Mother Insisted That Meant Everything. Damn It, I Wish This Didn’t Need To Be Learned.
For years I had been trying to figure out time travel and I finally got it to work. It had mostly worked. Time travelling ended up putting me in my great great great great great granddaughter. I had finally got my bearings when I hear a belt buckle behind me.
I wished as hard as I could when I went to bed to be a great chef. It seemed that you had wished for a sweet girl or something at the same time. Is that why I woke up like this? Only able to make sweet shit? (Open rp)
Very tall shemale buggered by a horny man
It was just a regular day at Hogwarts when I went to be that night... But when I woke up in my crushes body, I knew something odd had happened.
Nice smile
My roommate has god like powers, he used his powers to turn me into a girl, he uses his power to make me naked and put me in sexual situations, I’m his sex slave until he gets bored of me
I stepped through the door not aware it had become a temporary multiverse rift. Once I stepped through I hadn’t noticed what had happened but felt the urge to act seductive and girly? What had happened (RP/AMA)
My Wife Couldn’t Handle The Idea Of Cheating On Me, Thankfully, But She Really Wanted A Promotion. I Decided To Use Her Body To Help Her, But, I Didn’t Think I’d Come To Enjoy Something Like This
Re: Swap Meet - Part Four
My mother and i went to exchange island. I was now in the body of a big strong male. As I wondered around I saw my mothers body. Who ever was in her body wasn’t afraid to show it off. But it seemed as if she was waiting for someone…
Egypt was where his fiancé wanted to get married. The wedding was only a few days away. They decided to explore old Egyptian ruins with friends and family. Not knowing the old spirts roam the area. His fiancé and him were separated for a few mins. Which was enough time for one of them to posses her.
This black dude would always pick on me and call me names. Well that all changed once I swapped our bodies. He was me and I was him. It was only temporary but I took the opportunity to try out having a penis, I jerked off a few times but that wasn’t enough…so i called my old body over…(rp wanted)
You claimed you had discovered multiverse travel, and wanted to bring me to prove it. Well, I believe you, but why am I a half-dressed female sorcerer? And who are you in this universe? RP
For mother's day I had swapped with my mom so she could take a break and relax but when I checked her recent messages she had just sent this video to my dad with the caption "Can't wait for my mother's day gift" (rp wanted and sorry it's technically late)
[23M4A] I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience
(RP) I didn’t know my girlfriend could possess people. It was tough not seeing each other since we were doing a long distance relationship. I go to pick my mother up for brunch for Mother’s Day. “Happy Mo- are you ok mom?” I ask
Ah, nuts, I've managed to FAP out of my body. Again. I swear, this is the second time this week! And, once again, my soulless, yet still feeling "husk," instead of helping me try to get back to her, decides to just let herself be stared and groped at. Ugh, I hate this! ...Please AMA, I'm bored. ?
I was getting tiered of being the only man in the house so I decided to possess my sister for awhile. I think that I might end up liking the change, I just hope mom doesn’t end up finding out. Role play wanted
I could feel it falling into a dimensional rift, after regaining consciousness I found myself in a very nice bathroom. it seems in this reality that I am a 40-year-old American woman, married and somewhat wealthy. I must investigate more of this life, my life.
My stepmother decided to swap mine and my stepsisters bodies because she came out as trans.She has such a sensitive body it’s hard not to touch it.
"Dude, not funny. Was it the shampoo?!" My roommate is an avid prankster, and don't get me wrong, I love me a well thought-out prank. But, this time I don't know if he went too far or not far enough, because X-Change pill contents are meant to be ingested. Should I stay like this or apply some more?
“I’m Only Doing This Because Your Sorry Ass Has Yet To Find A Partner, And I’m Tired Of Hearing About It.” Your Step-Brother now Step-Sister Would Never Know About The Pills
My neighbor invited me over for Mother’s Day, I know she doesn’t have kids so she at leasts wants some company, when I walked into her house I was hit on the head, 3 hours later I woke up, but I felt weird, I was in her body “Miss please swap us back” I plead from her body “I don’t wanna be you”
When my friend told me he took swap class I wanted to laugh at him but then he told me that Ariana the hottest girl in school is in there. I think it would be awesome if he got her body. The day after swap day I got this text from Ariana saying I guess I'm lucky. (RP)
It’s Mother’s Day, my mother and I didn’t get along at all. My gf felt bad that I couldn’t get along or see her on Mother’s Day. That’s when my gf decided to give me a little surprise when I got back home. Once I opened the door I was greeted by my mother. “Mom what are you doing here?!”
My mother wanted to swap bodies for mother day, but after using the spell nothing happened. At least not until later that night, after she had decided the spell was a dud and was getting ready for some private time with dad... (Roleplay?)
As if it wasn’t hard enough being the only guy in my household.. it’s only gotten ten times worse since the great shift rolled happened and left me un-swapped.. I suppose I should see what became of my family I can’t hide in my bedroom forever.. you were my first visit, who’s body did you end up in?
I once got into a fight with my ex for nutting in her mouth. She had enthusiastically offered a BJ and did not express any preference as to where she'd like me to cum. Then she got mad when the inevitable happened. Now every time my GF and I swap, I love showing her how much I appreciate her seed!
I mentioned that my sister's life of being a young, married, stay at home, mom-to-be was easy. Anyone could do it. She decided to steal my life and see how I do as her... and her husband cannot know!
I’ve been teasing the fat guys at my gym with the workout version of SwapApp, telling them that they’re being lazy and easily “distracted”(RP/DM)
Elliot was a very religious man. He was also incredibly sexist to. He believed women should always cover themselves up and respect men. No one could stand him. Some people said it was divine justice when the great shift hit and he ended up in Nicki Minaj’s body (RP)
My friend had got turned into a man after she caught the gender virus, she was so hot and I instantly had a crush on her, it took a lot of convincing but I’m finally riding her cock and I couldn’t be happier
I need a good bud to become a girl I love. long term possibly romantic rp. I will provide the pictures as you fully become her as you will love how I fuck you, use you, love you. kik wereartthou
After I signed up to be a camp counselor this summer they somehow mixed up the paperwork, having me be a for the girls side. As I walked over to their cabins I felt this weird tingling go threw my body. (Rp)
(Cb4M) I would’ve said it was a normal day, but it wasn’t. I have a friend who swaps our genitals when ever she wants to live with a cock. I hope she returns it soon. I think my roommate (you) is awake. (Rp)
It took a lot to convince me to go on a Swap Vacation with you, but once I realized I’d be swapping into the body of gorgeous, wealthy heiress, I decided to make the most of the trip. Maybe you can help me break in my new body?
My big sister had been caught drinking.My Mum decided the best way to punish her was to put her in my body now I get to go to prom as her.Her boyfriend is really nice.Tonight’s going to be fun.
"Alright, you did it, very cool. What now?" We met at a bar, and you offered me a once in a lifetime blowjob. I accepted, not knowing you were going to suck the masculinity out of me! What are you going to do with me now? RP
"Happy Mothers Day!" I shouted to my Mom...or atleast her body. You see, several Months back my Best Friend and Mom accidentally tripped over my fusion Device and his Mind fused into hers, giving him control of the body but his personality had hints of my Mom and the College Jock Frat Bro he was(Rp)
Megan fidgeted in front of Charlie. "I know it's been nearly a month after the Role Exchanger, and I know I've been avoiding you, but I was embarrassed. Was I supposed to say, 'sorry honey, your wife has a dick, guess you'll have to deal with it?' But now I'm so horny, please, can you help me?"
Not only did my sister get me grounded but tonight while our parents are out she is bringing over her friend that I have a crush on. So I decided to get back at her by possessing her body to both get closer and also see what they really are doing in her room. Role play wanted
I Was Wondering A Way I Could Connect With My Step-Dad More. He Seemed Hard To Reach, And I Wanted The Connection. Though, When I Went And Swapped, I Thought This Would End With Anger Or A Laugh, Not This
I crossed my legs like a lady. My mom always wanted a daughter, but I was her only kid. My girlfriend felt bad about this and decided to help for Mother’s Day , and she enjoyed making me look like a girl. I heard the door start to open, I hoped you’d like the gift that I was your daughter tonight
My friend was caught in an unfortunate accident when he used his fusion gun on himself, unfortunately hitting my Mom in the process. In an effort too not get in trouble with his family, mine, or the police, he's had to pretend to be my Mom, though I think it fused his mind abit too (Rp)
The Swap.org market was very popular in the black market. Normally it's super expensive but they are making an offer if you go blind to swap with someone. I got a big surprise to find myself in a pregnant girl body. I think my mind is starting to change.. (RP)
We'd all been sent to this program for some reason or another, most thinking it was a simple alternative to jail. We didn't realize we going to be test subjects for feminization products. It was insanity. No clothes were allowed today. We were going into the lab for another round of prototypes.
Young and fat middle aged swap bodies
Fair to say my first (and last) temporal displacement test was a total failure. I accidentally changed the past such that I was born female. Instead of a doctorate, I apparently got my MRS degree and became a devoted wife and mother of five. My lab never existed, so I'll never be able to fix this.
Our first Mothers Day post Great Shift was pretty awkward to say the least. I had ended up in the older body of a local nurse and my Mom thankfully had ended up as local college girl. We're getting ready for her Mother's Day dinner now, but it's so strange being the oldest between the two of us now!
Best website to watch body swap vids?
(MtF4M) I was missing with things in the attic. But, i touched a magic book. It forced me into my mom’s body while she was at work. She was talking to one of her work buddies while sitting on her desk. I was amazed how i got in her body. “Um, sorry brain fart. What were we talking about again?” (Rp)
A fantasy I have
Whitney went to the woods to meet up with her boyfriend. She got lost, stumbling into a mysterious creek. The water was strangely tempting for girl. Whitney drank from the creek, quickly growing tired and falling asleep. When she woke up, her body was moving on its own, playing with itself.
Alex was enjoying her day off when she suddenly was interrupted by a robber who entered the house. She tried to call the police when the man got her and bumped their heads by the fight. When Alex woke up, she found her own body masturbating like crazy. It seems she swapped with the criminal.
This girl in my class never shuts up so I decided to take one for the time and possess her to keep her quiet for once. But uh, is this normal? I don’t know much about girls…
They Said That If You Broke A Mirror, Bad Luck Would Follow. I Didn’t Believe Them, And Smashed It Anyway. I Should Have, Because I Found Myself In The Body Of A Woman Who Had Assets Far Too Great, And In Ironic Clothes.
When my girlfriend said she would be willing to swap with my dad for the month I was a bit confused. I thought this would be awkward but my dad actually has been a really good girlfriend he keeps sending me these sexy pics so this isn't to bad. (RP)
My stud~
I'm your girlfriend who swapped bodies with the MILF cop who arrested you, in the hopes that I could get you a mistrial. It didn't work, so I did the only thing I could think of and swapped your body with 'my' daughter
I had been checking out a woman on the train my whole ride home and just as I got off I decided to swap with her and now I've been flashing the other people on the train. I wonder if one of them will take me home? (Rp in chat)
I was desperate for a date to prom and I was feeling kind of down that I didn't have one. I knew my friend had a transformation power but I wouldn't tell him to use that for me. Apparently my friend was sick of me being so sad that he turned into a date for me. (RP)
I am thinking about offering some Coaching on stories and descriptive writing. Maybe get other good writers to help coach as well. If this is something people are interested in, please upvote or leave a comment about what questions you have about writing.
DEAR STORY/ NARRATIVE Writers and Role-players. I am creating posts for people to learn how to to create better content (prompts, role-play better, descriptive, better story). If you are willing to join me as a coach, would you comment on this post! Let's make a stronger Role-Playing community!
After being an obsessive fan for longer than I like to remember I decided to donate enough to possess her body for a week! Time to brag about it to my friends~
So, it’s been about 2 years since my run-in with the body thief. I’ve decided that it’s time to accept my friends proposal and go on a blind date. I hope things go well.
My stupid sister got grounded but even so decided to go out with her friends, expecting to be back before our parents. However our mom was already in the driveway and my sis begged me to act like her till she comes back, so I took a transformation pill to look like her for the time needed (rp)
This chick challenged me to a 1V1 claiming she could beat me. We made a bet but she didn’t tell me what she wanted. She won and she wanted my body temporarily as she wanted to play basketball as a guy.We meet up daily and she asks me to pose for her insta pics,she also asks for handjobs…(RP Wanted)
Sorry babe. The party is girls only! I guess you'll have to pick one to be if you want to have fun with us!
I am a fairy and as a gift I will give you the opportunity to change bodies with the woman you want, the only condition that you send me a gif or a video showing me that you are enjoying be a woman, here are some examples of guys who came to me and now they are beautiful women,I wait for you💁🏼‍♀️🧚🏻
For mother’s day, my son had offered to swap bodies for a while in order to give me a taste of youth again. I agreed because it was a gift. I walked into his bedroom to see his girlfriend like this. I instantly got hard. ‘She’ started to speak and admitted ‘she’ was actually my husband…(RP Wanted)
“God you’ve no idea how long I’ve wanted to do this” I’ve had a crush on my best friend Cheryl for so long but she’d never return the love I gave her and well I’ve finally had enough so I decided I’d swap our bodies and make her love me “can’t reject me if I control your body now can you~”
Not only did my sister get me grounded but tonight while our parents are out she is bringing over her friend that I have a crush on. So I decided to get back at her by possessing her body to both get closer and also see what they really are doing in her room. Role play wanted
When I found out almost my entire friend group wasn't celebrating Mothers day because they didn't appreciate there Moms, I know I needed to teach them a lesson I found from my Moms Spellbook. Hopefully as there own Moms they learn a lesson. I'm certainly enjoying there new forms (Rp)
"I'm finally clear to leave the house! we gotta meet up and do something today!" I got sick with Gender-Flu, and basically disappeared for a few months... but now I was totally different, I was tiny and even scarier... I was really cute. "Come on! You'll be able to find me easy, I look like this!"
Ever since the great shift, I've become a sort of... Idol? It's super weird to say but a lot of men turned women look to me for help! I started a social media presence and... well, taught men how to be women! The best part is my supportive girlfriend... who LOVES taking a Blue X-Change pill :)
"Why arent you in uniform?" you asked as I came to serve you. "seriously, wasn't the pill enough" being your maid for the weekend was not going to be fun.
"happy mother's day.." Thats the last thing you heard before it happened. you barely had time to process why your best friend would say it to you before you started to change and build towards a massive orgasm. when you came down there was a new nagging need in the back of your mind. cock. cock now!
This female rapper challenged me to a rap battle, claiming she was a better rapper. According to the crowd she was better so she won and as her prize she wanted to swap bodies! She felt she would be more successful as a dude. I’m now her stay-at-home wife whilst she goes to the studio…(RP Wanted)
I wasn't allowed to change back into a guy unless I got 100k followers on tiktok due to a bet. it was harder than I thought. I had to start getting creative to get followers (rp)
I took my stepsister for a hike on a remote trail. After a while, she tripped and fell on the sandy floor. I asked if she was alright, and she said she was “better than ever.” She then picked her dress up and crawled seductively, showing me her greatest asset. What’s gotten into her?
"We just need to borrow your body to help her move." (M2F, Body Swap.)
Switching Out And Swapping Bodies With My Sister Was So Much Fun, At Least Until I Found Out About Her Little ‘Fetish’. And It Seems Like I’m Stuck, For Now
I want to be someone you know irl
I was getting older in age which I hated so much but my body looked fantastic. I was at a family reunion and said this to my niece. She pulled out a remote and took me to the side. She pushed a few buttons and we swapped ages. Now I’m young but more curious about that remote RP
(MtF4M) I was missing with things in the attic. But, i touched a magic book. It forced me into my mom’s body while she was at work. She was talking to one of her work buddies while sitting on her desk. I was amazed how i got in her body. “Um, sorry brain fart. What were we talking about again?” (Rp)
I Had Broken Into Your House, Fully Prepared To Steal Everything That You Had. I Didn’t Know You Had A Remote To Change Men Into Women Though, And I Certainly Never Would Have Thought You’d Use It.
I was spying on my milf neighbor when I thought, I'd do anything to get a piece of that ass. When suddenly I became my neighbor. Oh shit, my she is not going to be happy that I was spying on her. (Rp in Dm)
"Give me the pill to turn back right now!" I demanded. You were my son who was a junky so when i decided to cancel your credit card and hide all the valubles so you couldnt buy anymore drugs you decided to drug me with a x-change to turn me into a chick to blackmail me into buying your drugs(Rp)
(M4ApTM) You'd roll your eyes as your roommate snuck another glance towards your perfect mounds, finally deciding to call him out~ "Look dude, if you want to stare at my tits, I don't mind... I'll even take my top off if you'd like~ Just know you're hella gay for pitching a tent at me~" You'd tease~
You Got Tired Of I, Your Step-Dad, Telling You What You Could And Could Not Do, But Being Unable To Outsmart Me Or Physically Overpower Me, You Were Out Of Luck. At Least, Until You Found The Remote Which Made Him Go From Him, I, To Her. You Two Got Along A Lot More Now
Me and my brother were ganging out at home playing some video games. Everything was normal until a weird power outage happened. When the lights went back on my hot neighbor was in the house where my brother was and my brother was tanning on a beach chair. I think that reality has changed as well. RP
"Oh, what the fuck...," I murmur. I don't know how it happened, but I found myself in my boss' body, inside her boss' office. I hope this wasn't what she meant when she said I would be getting a promotion soon... (Roleplay)
The Venom Of The Spider Which Bit Me Seemed To Be Oppressive, And Life Threatening, But The Doctors Said I Was Only In Shock, And Not To Worry About It. Turns Out That It Really Wasn’t Bad, But It Changed Me More Than I Would Have Thought.
I have had a massive crush on Becca for years, so I was devastated when I found out she was a lesbian. I was desperate to be with her, so I possessed her best friend Chloe. Things are going well between Becca and me and I guess I could get used to being a girl.
About a week ago my stepsister swapped bodies with me i’m really enjoying it but only problem is I can’t fit into anything
The other girls told me the boss loved banging secretaries on his desk after hours. When he put the moves on me, I had to act. One spell later, I had no more problem. But there's still moaning coming from the boss's office after hours. She loves letting our well hung janitor fuck her on her desk.
Clothes swapper
(M4ApTF) You haven't been able to get enough of your new, post-op body, flaunting it whenever you had the chance~ "Come on dude, I know you wanna~" You'd tease your roommate, waving the condom infront of him. "Call me mommy and I'll let you empty a load or two inside my new pussy~"
You where in BIG trouble and the only way to get out of it was to start a new life. Just moving into another country wasn't enough for you and so you visited the black market. A sketchy man offered you a new life for a bunch of money. Who will you pick?
I knew I should've been suspicious when my buddy invited me on vacation and it turned out to be a couples getaway. "Don't worry about it bro, it's so much cheaper than a normal vacation" he insisted. But of course, just as we touch down he slips me an X-Change. At least he brought me a bikini (RP)
I recently discovered my ability to possess other people. It was real fun and I decided to possess our sister. I wanted to tease you a little with her big titts and get you all flustered. "Hey big brother? wanna spend some time with me?"
Ever since catching the gender virus, I've been struggling to adjust to my old job, friendships, life...all of it. Today's the day I start my new journey... I'm starting life as a streamer today! Come join and see how the virus "blessed" me!
Transformation (Part 2)
Hired a guy online to change my best friend into an egirl for me, only problem is he kept his stubbornness. Thankfully he put a trigger on him, so anytime I snap my fingers his mind blanks and he goes dumb for me... (RP Wanted)
I wanted to hang out with a good friend of mine, but he said he was going on a trip with one of his old friends and won’t be back for two weeks. I’m not gonna lie, I was a bit jealous. What did this old friend have that I didn’t? I decided to possess the friend, only to find out she’s a woman.
Re: Swap Meet - Part Three
I was a strict and dominant father so of course when my daughter wanted to go out dressed like this I grounded her. She started to protest that I just don't understand her and she wishes I could look at things from her perspective. Suddenly I was looking at myself?! (rp)
“Shit im Late for class” I say rushing down the halls before I trip down the stairs landing on my teacher when we opened our eyes we realized we swapped bodies “you’ll have to teach the class after we can try and reverse this” she tells me “oh god I can’t teach a class like this”
I was going to swap bodies with my teacher to improve my grades but it seems she doesn't want to go back and enjoy a simpler life and keep her new cock. (rp in dm)
You And I Were Best Friends, And Yet Even Through All Your Years, You’d Felt Lonely, Yet To Nab A Partner. So, I Went To The Clinic, And Decided To Swap With Someone, Helping You Out.
I Made It Known I Would Never Fall Whim To My Own Tricks, But You Said If I Swapped Out With Someone Who Was Into It, I Would. I Challenged On It, And Needless To Say? Lost.
I Wanted To Test My New Body, See If The Drugs Functioned Fully Or Only Externally. It Was Safe To Say, It Did.
!!! I'm selling the bodies of my family now !!! I need for money! I'm willing to sell my family. Do whatever you want with their bodies I don't care anymore. If you are interested send me a message. thanks for your interest! (open RP)
Thanks for taking me to the game I haven't gone to one since that bitch swapped with me. My buddy's girlfriend swapped him into her body and left. I wanted to have a nice day with him so I took him to the game. I know the three things he loves Brewskies, Baseball, and Bros. (RP)
M4A - The One Way Travel Agency. A mutual MtF/AtF cultural change bodyswap TF RP with 21 (potentially as many as 63) new lives to choose from.
After various complain from men coming for sperm donation of rude staff I decided to take the matter in my hand. I swapped myself with a nurse. To make everyone happy I ended up giving bjs to everyone who came for donation and swallowing the loads. Hence reducing the complains to zero.
(M4F) You had recently discovered that the hit new VR MMO had an active ERP scene~ "You wanna grip my horns and ride my face, or should I squish your head between my thighs? Hmm? Yeah I'm a dude irl, what about it?" The hot succubus girl you were about to hook up with would respond to your question.
I woke up in a haze this morning, everything was pretty distant for some reason… however as I began to wake up I noticed something horrifying - my body was moving on its own! I tried to resist but I couldn’t! Little did I know my pervy neighbor had possessed my body overnight! Help! (RP)
I woke up in a haze this morning, everything was pretty distant for some reason… however as I began to wake up I noticed something horrifying - my body was moving on its own! I tried to resist but I couldn’t! Little did I know my pervy neighbor had possessed my body overnight! Help! (RP)
As a joke I signed up for swap class. Well my father liked the new me so much he's got us a hotel with only one bed. what do you thinks going on. I told him the I can't have sex rule but he's having me sleep naked next to him
After wishing on a star for superpowers, you find yourself transported to a universe in which such powers exist. The only catch is you have to pick one of these up and coming heroes. Which body do you select? Will you be a hero or a villain?
I sent a picture to my mom with a selfie of myself in her body. "Happy Mother's Day, enjoy the next 48 hours in my body, you're free to do whatever you want!" I knew my mom wanted to relax a bit but never felt she could, so I swapped us so she had to. It could be fun being mom for 2 days.
I have a odd hobby. I take temporary X-change pills and catfish random guys in real life. I was never really proude of it, but I can't stop... Even worse is that I couldn't resist and catfished my dad... I have a date with him this evening. let's hope he doesn't find out who I really am. (RP)
My life was fine before the demon possessed me. Not I have powers I can't control and life with the constant fear that the next time he takes over, he won't give me control back... (AMA)
Mother's Day. A Day where Mom's get to make a wish and see it come true. Like the wish for having sons instead of daughters. So instead of enjoying the day with my family as John, I am dealing with the weirdness of getting used to my new body as Jess! "Mom! What did you wish!?"
The Good News, Was That The Poison Attempt Didn’t Kill Me. The “Different” News, Was That Everything Seemed Changed. But At Least I Still Could Do Fitness With You
Possessing Your Mother’s Body Was The Most Fun Way I Had To Torment You, And In One Week, I Had Her Now Doing Whatever “New Tricks” I Wanted.
I promised my virgin best friend that if he switches bodies with his sister, I'll take his virginity in his hot sister's body
[22M4A] I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience
I was trying to promote more women in places of power in the workplace, so when my boss made fun of me and threatened to fire me for not being properly manly, I figured helping him see it my way by having a female CEO while he took and "Extended Vacation" would help. Things certainly changed (Rp)
I don't have an excuse. I cheated and i had to face the consequences for it. my wife decided to turn me into the girl I'd slept with to teach me a lesson. she'd turn me back when I learned how it felt to have my heart broken. "thanks for letting me stay over John, I hope your wife won't mind."
I have a odd hobby. I take temporary X-Change pills and catfish random guys in real life. I was never really proude of it, but I can't stop... Today I went a bit to far cause I have a date wit my actual dad... let's hope he doesn't find out who I really am! (RP)
Rimming shemales enjoying assfucking
My aunt was really into body swapping, she would hit up the swap clinic with her friends almost every week, this time she said she wanted to try being a man. I agreed and before long I was watching her get into a car, ready to fuck her friends while I'm stuck at home!
(M4A) You had the ability to possess the body of anyone you make eye contact with. You didn't exactly enjoy being in a woman's body, but if it meant you got to see your crush moaning like a slut in heat while your old body's cock eased in and out of his tight bubble butt, it was totally worth it~
You and your friend left your girlfriends behind on spring break to go to Vegas. They thought you were at a poker tournament but you were really partying on xchange. It was so much fun drinking by the pool deciding which guy or guys y’all were going to let fuck you that night!
I had made a living out of swapping people's bodies. Im able to move souls into new hosts, I do it for freelance work, I put people in power, in hotter bodies, or just in their crush. One of my prime clients tasked me with swapping him into his secretary. How could I refuse
My neighbors were a lesbian couple. I was kinda jealous of the action they had and I wanted some of it. That's when I jumped into one of them. Only problem was I brought my dick along with me. Eh who cares, I'm sure it will work out in the end.
sick of hearing about my best friends boyfriend.. his cocks to big. it's massive. blah blah.. ugh after wishing in a well I found myself in her body!
My friend and I went out to find some treasure… it was really stupid but why not? It was rumoured to be here and what we did find was a lamp! The genie popped out and we had three wishes. “Money, love, happiness.” We both passed out and the next morning I woke up in his arms… looking like this! (RP)
Rosa was horrified! To make a long story short, a new game was released which allowed players to upload their consciousness to a VR world. It was all fun and good, but poor Rosa was hacked in game… which meant she was hacked in real life! She could only watch as some pervert controlled her! (RP)
In 08 at the ripe age of 21 I cashed out before the market crashed and dedicated the next 10 years to a lavish playboy lifestyle. By 32 I've had so much pussy I had lost all interest in women. Then I became a hot realtor no one could say no to. Now I'm a proud mom of 4 and your horny MILF next door!
Me and my brother were going to meet at this new bar downtown, we were supposed to meet at the graffiti wall that some people say as is cursed. When I went to the wall I didn't find my brother but this chick claims she actually is my brother. (RP)
You’ve been cheating on your husband with the young guy next door. Months of secret sex have been great, but you wanted to try something new. You used swap rings to trade bodies with him. As he was feeling himself up after the swap you pushed him onto the couch and began undressing him. (Rp wanted)
For weeks I’ve been trying to astral project myself into my neighbors body he’s dating my crush and I’m jealous, well I finally astral projected, only issue? I landed in my crushes body while she was in the shower my neighbors waiting outside for her and I don’t know how to leave her body “shit”
A foreign nation was ruled by a family of elves, all women. Though it turns out that if traced back I held ancestry with that clan of elves.. they have decreed that I am a rightful princess of this land and so I was abducted and had my male self shed away and turned into the newest princess
I was dozing off in class, thinking about this girl in my ACC425 class I wished I could get closer to her…as I fell asleep at my desk I suddenly opened my eyes confused, no longer in my class I found myself in the girls bathroom as I saw my new reflection in the mirror (RP wanted)
My girlfriend's mom and I swapped bodies! what should we do now?! (rp to dm)
somehow my girlfriend's mom and I swapped bodies! I hope we can find a way to swap back soon! (rp in dm)
[22M4A] I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience
"Merry Christmas!!! Santa got you a whole new body!"
Thinking I found a good deal on a guitar on Craigslist, I found my way to a remote shed on the edge of town. After knocking and entering, I found something very different waiting for me. There was no guitar, just *her*. "It's about time you showed up," she smirked "I've grown weary of this body."
I had swapped with my sister as a prank but tonight I think I fucked up. I flirted with her professor and one thing led to another and well he came in me... fuck I'm cum locked now. fuck Jennifer is gonna kill me.
After I had slut shamed her again, my witchy roommate decided to slip something in my tea and now I feel the need to please any man. My body forces me to obey them and anytime I try to ask for help I beg for more cock instead.
A witch overheard me and friends talking at the bar about how cam girls shouldn’t make that much money for what they do. She decided to show me how much they actually do by turning me into one. Now I realized two things, it’s a lot of work and that I absolutely love it. (RP)
"Oh yeah, take him out." You were shocked! Your girlfriend had been kidnapped by the mafia, and suddenly had become the LEADER of the mob?! She had a weird new tattoo on her arm too. I wonder how long it would take you to realize that I, the mob boss, used the tattoo as a magic spell to become her!
Having a bully who was a hopper was the worst, he doesn't usually use his powers. But he took it way to far this time. He possessed my mom and made my life a living hell. He's so sex crazed how on earth do I get him out of there.
If you swapped bodies with a person of another racial background, which would you be most excited to experience?
All the Teenagers were running around the pool and not letting us in for adult swim. Even worse, the head lifeguard, also a teenager, wasn't doing anything. What they needed was an older, more stern lifeguard...like a mother. So when I found the head Guard alone, I knew what I had to make them (Rp)
The whole point of today's class was to learn to locate the clitoris. With my "luck" I got paired with Ava: the girl with the fattest innie. I mean she's got a perfect pussy and I got to climax by flicking her bean. But if you thought I'd learn to find it just by looking at it, you'd be wrong...
any spare female bodies?
You Told Me If I Was A Woman, You Would Be Far Better On Aerobics. I Only Now Figured Out What You Meant. But It Was True. Maybe More People Would Like These Sessions
You was lost for words hearing your own voice explain how she..rather he now made a huge mistake marrying her husband and figured since we was such good friends you’d would make a good substitute. While He moved across the country starting a new life. (Rp open)
It had been a few months since seeing your best friend Brad. Ever since you discovered that you were going through some kind of "second puberty" you were too embarrassed to see him. But now he was here, your mom having invited him over. With his eyes closed, you get ready to show the new you. (RP)
My spell worked! I changed reality so I could get a new chance at life. The only catch is that I’m now a female version of myself. But it seems that everyone remembers me this way, so I guess it’s fine! (Rp)
As Your Step-Brother, You Always Made Fun Of Me, And Teased Me. But Once My Second Puberty Came, You Found Yourself Completely At My Mercy.
(A4ApF) "You wanna grip my horns and ride my face, or should I squish your head between my thighs? Hmm? Yeah I'm a dude irl, what about it?" The hot demon girl you were about to hook up with would tease~ You've recently started playing a new VR MMO, not realizing just how perverse the ERP scene was~
my girlfriend was really into Cosplay, she was always dressing up like these anime characters. don't get me wrong i support her but it's just weird to me. she really wanted me to get into it and signed me up for an insta-cosplay session. they must have mixed something up because they made me a girl!
Ever since your girlfriend just decided to steal my body and start a new life, theres been an adjustment period for me but today was the day we thought it best I moved in with you, was you always this hot though oh I’m so nervous and these stupid butterflies, I hope we can still be good friends.
I married to the love of my life two days ago. We arrived at our honeymoon destination today. I sent my wife to the suite we were staying at so I could finish checking in. When I got to our room, I was surprised to see my wife in her bridal lingerie, acting sexual. I didn’t know she was possessed.
I Needed Money. You Needed Test Subjects To See If Your New Drug Meant To Turn Men To Women And Women To Men, Would Work, Giving Fully Functional Bodies Of Either Sex. Your Testing Methods However…..Were Strange.
[F2F] [RP] "I'm sorry, sweetie. This is the only long distance body they had. I hope my stay won't be too awkward for you," I'm spending two weeks with my daughter, whose a lesbian. I planned on swapping with a guy but this was my only option
On this new season of Naked and Afraid there was a unique twist. You and your partner got swapped into the bodies of two young women, and were dropped into the middle of a savannah. Now you and this stranger must survive this harsh environment, not just nude but also in a female body! (CHAT TO RP)
“Dude remember that nerdy, tomboy girl that never wore makeup and us to wear guy clothes, well I got her for swap class and decided to give her a makeover” I send you this video
To think you used to be a powerful and ruthless CEO, now look at you. You finally fucked over the wrong employee and now you’ll be literally fucked by him every night Your financial empire mine now! And now that you’re dependent on me I can do whatever I want w/this busty body I trapped you in! (RP)
My friend was not very appreciative of his Mother and wasn't gonna get herca present for Mothers day, something I would not stand for. So i'd teach him what its like having someone be ungrateful for all your hard work by making him a copy of his Mom. (Rp)
I had racked up serious amounts of debt at a casino. the only way that I was going to be able to pay it back was if I became a girl and worked at the casino. today is my first day, how do I look?
Jake knew that his gf and his friend Ryan were Swappers,but they would never tell him when they swapped. After a while, it became easier to tell who was who. But Jake didn't want to tell Ryan how bad he was at giving BJs compared to his gf.
You dared me to put on this corset we found in the attic of our apartment. as soon as it snapped on my body started to change into a womans! Help me get it off!
Renata riww Beautiful Babe Hug
I started balding at a relatively young age and was always embarrassed by that. So I built a machine that was supposed to regrow my hair. I feel myself changing and you staring at me saying “um dad… I think something went wrong with your machine.” (RP)
When they started offering community swap class, both your parents signed up. They thought it would be a chance to be young again. Now they’re both hot girls your age. You barely slept last night as you could hear them moaning. They wake you up. “Hey sport, want to come to the beach with us today?”
“Nope! Sorry, not ready yet.” My roommate smirked when I begged to swap back. “My new friends and I are going away for the weekend. We can chat when I get back.” She says smugly.
Friends, Matt and Tim, would go on a fishing trip once a month. Although it was different this time after the Great Shift placed Tim in his wife's body while Matt was left unshifted. It was the first trip where they didn't catch anything, but the two friends did become much closer.
My stud of a bully~
(F2F) You and your bff mysteriously swapped bodies yesterday. You're now her (right), and you know you can finally seduce the guy you have a crush on, since they've always been good friends, and you've also seen him being attracted by the body you're now in.
Me and my Dad never got along well. He said it was because I didn't have a Mother in my life to help him raise his Son. So I wanted to test that theory, though I think I misinterpreted what he meant. I ended up making more of a "Mommy" (Rp)
Mei hopped inside a taxi to avoid being robbed, but after what happened to her on the taxi, she would rather have her cellphone stolen, because she swapped bodies with the taxi driver and found him getting her body naked in the backseat.
Nobody Needs to Know
I could never deny any request my daughter made so when she asked me if I could go and train her body I reluctantly agreed. At first, I regretted it but after finding out her best friends also swapped with their dads we started talking football and now it's my favorite time. Just me with the boys!
My brother is an asshole. After I refused to take him to some stupid party because we had chores to do around the house, he put some weird thing in my drink when I wasn’t looking and now I’m done slutty redhead!
Ever since the great shift, I've become a sort of... Idol? It's super weird to say but a lot of men turned women look to me for help! I started a social media presence and... well, taught men how to be women! The best part is my supportive girlfriend... who LOVES taking a Blue X-Change pill :)
“You Better Find A Way To Fix This. I Got Your Phone From That Stupid Hole And This Happened. Never Expected To Have This Change Happen.”
When you dared me to get my nipple pierced I did it without second thought. What I didn't know was that it was infused with hormones. Now I look like this and still can't take the piercing out until it heals (rp).
I finally found a way to keep my roommate mouth shut who always abused me once I turned into a girl
possessed teacher
Val was easily one of the most beautiful women in town. Her body attracted all sorts of eyes, which meant that she had many suitors. However, because she was so beautiful, many of the other women were jealous of her beauty. One such woman hatched a plan to take it for herself.
Naomi Soraya - he had my spidey senses tingling (OC)
“..Please sir just give me my body back and leave before my kids wake up, I won’t tell anyone I swear.” how was I meant to know a midnight snack would turn into a freaky Friday experience with a thief who broke into my home, why is he being so quiet. “..A-Are you listening I want my body back now!”
One minute I’m enjoying a night at my friends house, the next I’m suddenly out of breath, standing over a.. picture of myself?? Is this- Ugh, is this a cock?!” RP
Odd how much can change in two hours. When this date started, I was dreading it even though I knew it would be good for me to adjust to this new reality where I was born female. Now I'm trying to figure out how to invite him in "for coffee" when he brings me home without looking desperate.
She told me she will curse me but I didn’t believed her at all , now I’m in her body alone in foreign country and she take my body and back to our Arab country ( rp )
my father needed a new secretary for his office and everyone he interviewed didn't fit the bill. so for my 25th birthday he took me to the swap clinic and got me this body. now I have to work as his secretary and I think he's wanting me to do more then just make appointments for him and . (rp/ama)
[22M4A] I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience
There was an important dinner that you had to have your wife at, but your wife also had an important project to finish up that night. So you had her swap bodies with me so I could go as her and she could work on her project. So who am I that you asked me to swap with your wife? (open rp)
I don’t think I’m cut out being a cheerleader. All the people watching me, in this new female body with female parts bouncing and rubbing together, looking under all of the team’s skirts and seeing them in the locker room. This is going to be hard. I’m soaked and I haven’t gone to my first game yet
The irony isn't lost on me. A few years back when I told my semi-flat girlfriend I was a "breast man," I learned she was a witch when she turned me into... well, this. Now my boyfriend tells me my tits are my best quality and... yeah, OK, now I get it. He's lucky I don't have her power!
Everyone idolizes hoppers, the people who can be whoever they want and never die. Everyone wants to be one, but nobody wants to be their victim. She snuck up behind me, and stole my body. Before I knew it, they chloroformed me, and I woke up being degraded by myself
While exploring the woods near our neighborhood my friends and I discovered an abandoned brick building. One of them claimed it's where a girl went missing years ago, but we ignored the warnings and I climbed in a window. I looked at my friends, who were staring at me in shock. I has become the girl
I was beating my meat to a live stream of a hot chick in a shower when just as I was about to finish, I became her. Uh oh, the door just opened. Does she have a husband??? (Rp in dms)
A week ago I had swapped into the girl of my dreams, but since then my best friend and roommate has made me his free use maid. So now I just undress and do what he wants, when he wants. (Rp in Dm)
I tried sis.. I tried
YES YES YES!! I’ve spent months trying to possess the hot milf that goes to the store near me and it finally worked “mom what are you ok?” asks her son I’d need to keep my cool till I got home “oh nothing dear finally found the food I was looking for is all” I say tucking my tits back in my tank top
I cannot believe my fat teacher stole my body. She sent me a pic of my old body and I can’t help but play with my new pussy while looking
"Oh come on Reggie, just because I bought your daughter's body doesn't mean you gotta act like such a killjoy! besides isn't it better for your best friend to buy her instead of some random perv?" I said with an all too familiar laugh as the news sunk into you.
Your girlfriend was still mad at you for having a crush on her best friend. Until after a big fight she made you drink the X-change serum. suddenly you woke up in your crush's car. little did you know she just arrived at her Dom's house (RP)
I don't hate this, honestly. My girlfriend and I got in a fight, as we always do. Tired of our bickering her friend swapped our bodies, telling us once we get along she'd swap us back. But my gf doesn't like how much I'm enjoying her body...
you finally confess your crush that you really like her. You wanted to go on a date with her... and that b*tch blocked you! I was furious and casted a swap spell! she is stuck in my body and I want you to make you happy again with hers. I unblock you and send you a message "Hey I swapped with her"
I saw everyone enjoying their visit to the swap clinic. I went and was swapped with a woman. I ran home to play and jump around with my breasts. My new body was so sensitive. I slid my fingers down my pants to play with my new pussy. As I pleasure myself all I could say was “oh wow” (RP).
While out in the woods on a camping trip with a friend, we were researching weird plants. My friend called me to come over after he screamed, though he didnt quite sound the same. When I got over he looked like this and was shouting about some plant he'd never seen before. (Rp)
Celia is incredible
My Boss was gonna be presenting a new clothing product today to the investors. See, me and him never really got along, so I decided to sabotage him, and as soon as he began unbuttoning his shirt, he'd be showing off something else. (Rp)
“I Would Have Thought This Illness Would Have Done A Lot Worse. I’d Say I’m Embracing It Though. When Did You Say My Body Would Come Back To Normal, Few Months?”
I got hurt playing football, and it was going to be 6-8 weeks before my leg would be ok to walk again. They were able to give me a loaner body, but it’s female. My mom and sis are making me embrace it, my dad and bro make fun of me. I’m going out with my friend. “Don’t say a goddamn word dude.” (RP)
Mom you need to help I swapped bodies with tori (my sister) to help her get a new boyfriend but I looked at the spell I used and it says I can’t swap back her bodies being really horny and I might touch myself a little but you need to hurry before her date arrives or else I’m going to be fucked!
since the gender flu turned me into a girl, I’ve been going on websites where men pay money for me to do things, it started out with them asking to see my nipples as a man I thought seeing a man’s nipples were fine, now they’re donating asking me to tweak, this is the first time I showed my butt
Yuhh
Make a swap story of your choice in the comments
I like totally became a super hot bimbo! i was just browsing the, like Internet and stuff when it happend. I was at home and the curse told me the first man to do something lewed to me, would like be my master~ I wonder who will come home first~? (sizequeen, literate and breedslut~ RP always open)
Fantastic Breasts
when the great shift hit i was thrown across the country from my young college body into this woman's body. when I went to reclaim my life I learned she already had. I was forced to claim hers. I was stuck returning to her trailer. (RP)
“Uhm… why am I doing this again? I know you paid me and everything but this is a little weird for me dude…”
When I Told You I Tested That New Drug Of Yours, You Didn’t Believe It Worked. I Didn’t Either, Until The Next Day When I Came Like This. Now You Were Happy To Try And Test The New Body
Me and my girlfriend were walking the town we were going to head to a restaurant to celebrate our anniversary. Everything was normal until out of nowhere she squeezed her ass and said damn this is nice. I don,t know whats up with her. Babe are you OK. (RP)
I possessed this babe last week. I've had so much fun, but these big tits are killing my back! Anyone up for a host trade? Unless there's a woman who wants to be possessed hehe ...
Medical Log may 6 2022 I have taken so much X-change that I'm permanently a red head now. I wish my tits were bigger but I look so fucking cute. I hope that my family doesn't see me like this, especially my pervy father who just lost his wife of 30 years.
“I’m so glad you guys decided to come for Mother’s Day dinner!” My mother in law gushed. It was hard for us to visit. Last year, the Great Shift swapped us all - me with her dad, her with her mom. This is the first time we’ve all met up for dinner since, and we’re all a little nervous.
“Hey there😁” I texted you, after swapping into your crush who you never even had the gull to text…let along ask out. You received a random snap out of the blue from her. Accidentally swapped during a freak accident but I was loving my new body…and I was surely gonna have some fun teasing you(RP)
For my birthday, I got a box that allowed me to live as an alternate reality version of myself for exactly one week. But I couldn’t choose which reality. The first time I tried it, it was a world where my dad won the lottery. This is the second time… (RP/AMA)
“Hey, Taylor! Just wanted to check in. Everything is going well. Hit me back when you can.” I don’t know why I try. The lady I swapped with to carry her baby has obviously ditched me. (more story in comments.)
I was a short guy, and used to fantasize about tall women all the time... so when the FOSE caught me, I was more than excited! Of course I had to turn to cosplaying... and my dominant manner and tones really get my viewer count high! If only they knew how subby a tall guy turned girl could be!
Swap Class Update: I think one of my husbands friends likes me a little to much. While my husband is out im going to pay him a visit. I wonder what he will do to me? (Dm to Rp)
This crazy new full dive VR game came out, I was super excited to play it! Until I was given my character... there was no customization, you just HAD your character... and I was given my gender, female, race, kitsune and class...Demon. The worst part is that we're all stuck in the game!
POV: we're outside at a house party and you told me you had a bad day
Hypnotits
The women in my family have a tradition of testing each other's lovers by swapping bodies. My boyfriend doesn't know it, but that night he is about to fuck my grandmother. I don't think he should hate it given her experience with it and how he already loved fuck my mom.
Be careful what you wish for. I asked a genie to swap me with a famous actress. Who did I get? Anne Hathaway? Scarlett Johannson? Nope, I am now stuck in the body of Amy Schumer. What am I gonna do now?
"Ugh Dad this is embarrassing. I know I was mean to my sister but come on making me be a girl for a month with your warlock powers is just unfair '
“I can’t believe I managed to fit into my suit with this body.” Asuka smirked as she left the locker room. Thanks to the latest Angel attack, she was left in the body of Misato Katsuragi. “Come on loser, we’d better hurry up. Don’t want to be late for training.” She said to you (Shinji)
I was lost for words hearing my own voice explain how she..rather he now made a huge mistake marrying her husband and figured since we was such good friends I would make a good substitute. While she moved across the country starting a new life as me.
I struggled to come to grips with what my wife had just done. I told her I didn't get women...she was so difficult. So she swapped our genders using old family magic. Now I have a week to "understand" women or I dont get to be a man again. First, I need to figure out getting ready for the day!
Ugh dad why do I have to be a girl for our family vacation. I don't even want to go to Hawaii, I was planning on going to Munich with some friends. can I please not go. (rp)
Dad, I don't want to be a girl for our family vacation that I don't even want to go on. I already made plans for summer vacation, I was going to Munich for a beer festival so do I really have to go. I get that you're lonely but really? I..I kinda like this body but do I have to go? (rp wanted)
My girlfriend (left) decided to swap bodies with her dorky friend for the week, so her friend could experience what it was like being her for a change. "You found some stupid idol and used it to swap bodies with her? Couldn't you have asked me first?" I tell my girlfriend, upset.
I could never deny any request my daughter made so when she asked me if I could go and train her body I reluctantly agreed. At first, I regretted it but after finding out her best friends also swapped with their dads we started talking football and now it's my favorite time. Just me with the boys!
“I Told You That You Weren’t Immune To That Illness, You Were A Carrier. That Means You’d Be Asymptomatic And Passing It Around To People. Until A Cure It Found, You Better Listen To Me.”
My older sister moved out and went to college my mom was sad and missed having another girl around the house unluckily she decided to mess with reality and make me into her new daughter I didn’t let it stop me I still worked out and tried to adjust till I got a call from my best friend now bf/gf
The original breast envy
I wanted to surprise my sister. Recently my son moved in with her, his college was close to her place so it made sense. I used one of Grandma's spells to possess my son, thinking it would be a fun surprise. I just hadn't expected this. I didn't know there relationship was... like this...
I was a struggling writer looking for a job when I was given an opportunity to write for a column about arts and lifestyle. They liked my writing, but wanted a different perspective. I had no idea they'd change me into this! Now if I don't get enough buzz, they'll keep me this way forever! Help!
Getting ready for my first day as a woman was weird... Allow me to clarify, yesterday I pissed my mother and sister off by saying women had it easy. Turns out our grandma had an old spell book, which they used to swap mine and my sister's sexes. I had to live out a month as a woman without complaint
tell me your nastiest body swap fantasy
This morning I woke up to my roomate stood at my door with his mouth agape in shock. I looked up at him, confused. "Dude? What's wrong with you? What are you looking at? Natalie who?"
I was new to being a ghost and was just starting to get use to my new life, that is until I floated too close to your body finding out that I had possession powers. Due to it being unintentional if I possess you we will both be in for a new experience for I won’t know how to leave. Open Role play
My sister has been failing her classes and was about to drop out. So my parents made me posses her to get her get her grades up. I’ve been in her body for a whole semester and I think I’m stating to like the college girl life style. Plus, Her boyfriend doesn’t seem to mind😏
My coworker was a real ass kisser. She put the boss on a high pedestal, which got her promoted over me. Enraged, I decided I was getting that promotion anyways…by swapping our bodies! She cried as I stole her life, but what do I care? I just sent this video to my boss as thanks for “my” new job.
"Honey I know this isn't what we agreed on but look ok the bright side! we have a whole vacation with our youth again!" it was our yearly anniversary trip and I signed us up for a swapcation. we woke up in Los Angeles in the bodies I picked out for us, well the opposite bodies anyway...
"Honey I know this isn't what we agreed on but look ok the bright side! we have a whole vacation with our youth again!" it was our yearly anniversary trip and I signed us up for a swapcation. we woke up in Los Angeles in the bodies I picked out for us, well the opposite bodies anyway...
I was playing elden ring when I got a weird dialog option with Ranni, an offer to truly become one with her. thinking I got some unique ending I clicked yes and in an instant I was in the game as her! I can't even lift up a sword! how does magic work?!
I had gone for a walk in the rain, when I got back to my house though, I noticed the rain had changed me. What will my roommates think about this???
You cannot believe the words coming out of your Doctor's mouth. " You have been patient, I appreciate it . But we still have not found a way to reverse The Great Shift. But, if you would like...we have tracked down your sister and they said they could start helping you adapt to womanhood..." (RP)
"What did you do to me Why am I in Jess' body?" As my girlfriend puts her hand on my belly, my sister laughs. " John, you thought it was ok to cheat on your girlfriend Ashley. You accidently got Jess Pregnant. So we all agreed you should carry the weight for a bit." I look at Jess..." Help Me." (RP)
“Looks like I won’t be needing this shirt now. It’s too tight with my new chest.” Genies won’t allow you to replace a person. However, they will allow you to become a perfect copy of that person. Now I look just like Sally, and I will be the only one. I need to wish for some rope and duct tape next
Since my sister had moved to college we barely saw each other and when I went to sleep I wish I could see her more the next thing I know is I’m in her dick of a boyfriend Michaels body. (Rp/ama)
They Told Me That I Would Be Part Of An Experiment For $10,000 Which Saw The Effects Of A New Experimental Drug. The Conclusion We Had Was That It Was A Dud. At Least, 3 Days Ago It Was.
My girlfriend's mom convinced her daughter (my girlfriend) to swap bodies with her for the weekend. "We don't plan on doing anything sexual... unless you wanted to swap with my mom's boyfriend?" my girlfriend teases to me from her mom's body.
Trap me in my mom’s hot body and use me!
My plan was to possess my rich boss, but something went wrong and now I'm stuck in this women's body... I don't even know who she is or where I even am! I quickly have to get back into my old body or I'm stuck as her for ever! (RP)
Wait for the explosion..
When our daughter went away to college, my wife got Empty Nest Syndrome. I opted to become a daughter surrogate for her mental health, the surgeons remaking me into her exact likeness. But my wife is taking it further than that, having our marriage annulled, and now she's talking about adopting me!
"Okay, but after this date I'll get back into my old body..." you recently found out that I can possess others. You asked me if I could possess this girl and after a bit of convincing I accepted. After all its no big deal and I can easily change back if I don't get in contact with cum (RP)
My landlord was complaining about the noise and he was being a pain in my ass. So with the help with a simple feminization spell, he's the one causing the noise complaints now... (RP Wanted)
(18) I've been trying to get better at riding. Can I practice on your cock?
After the great shift changed the lives of 1/3 of the world it was tough to go back to normal…for me it was a difficult change so I decided to go off on a trip by myself, camping around the country in my new body(RP)
It's been over a week since I was switched into my friend's mom. none of my friends know about it. I've been milking all of them regularly. now even my supposed son wants in.and of course I'm on my way to Dom his ass.
It was a Dream Right!
I Remember It Like It Was Yesterday. I Was Talking To You About How Annoying Girls On Social Media Can Be, Enjoying Brother-Brother Time. But I Never Would’ve Thought I’d Wake Up As A Girl, Even If It Didn’t….Feel Bad I Think That Magical Spell On TikTok Actually Worked
I Thought That Switching Into A Woman Just For A Bit To Earn Some Money As A Yoga Instructor Would Be Fun. I Didn’t Know This Would Be What Happened.
Taking That Serum Was One Of The Oddest Decisions I’d Made For A Joke, And I Would Have Never Known You Were Hoping I Did It
Me and my brother found this strange remote in the woods and started to fight over who should be allowed to keep it. But when one of us pressed the button we both realized something strange happened to us. (DM for RP)
I was tired of my old life as a guy... nothing was nice or fun and so I decided to visit a special bar in town. They sell a drink that's so unique and powerful, that authorities consider to make it illegal. I didn't care about all this and ordered myself some Bitch juice! turning myself into a slut.
Insanely hot make out session
I signed up for the school's cultural exchange program, but I didn't realize it meant exchanging bodies! If this is gonna be me for the next few months, I might as well make the most of it.
To be more adventurous in bed, I got my wife a choker from an old sex shop. Her personality changed when she put it on. I thought it was her newfound confidence the choker gave her. However, it was the spirit of a sex worker that was embedded in the choker, which now inhabited my wife’s body.
(M4ApTF) It had been a week since you recovered from your bottom surgery, and you couldn't help but tease your roommate 24/7 using your new pussy~ "Hehe, come on dude, don't I look toootally submissive and breedable?" You'd coo, not realizing that you might've gone a little too far this time around~
My butthole is saying hi ;)
I’m new to RP but I have a few ideas in mind for someone into Milfs. I want to change into my mom through possession/transformation/magic/drugs/wearables. Dm me if you’re interested and we’ll iron out the details.
I was the owner of a rather special sailing ship, being that anyone who stepped aboard had there reality put fully in my control. So when a Pirate crew attempted to raid me, I decided to take there captain and make him a special dancing wench on my vessel. That really scared the rest of them off(Rp)
I was ecstatic in my new body, taking over this gym rat’s body after pairing with her in swap class I decided I was gonna make the most of my new body! (RP wanted!)
You gotta help me! I woke up in a new reality where this is my body?!? What else is different about this reality?!? (RP)
"There." I say in a text to my best friend coming out of the swap clinic. "Yeah I know they're fake. but how's about I make you a deal. if you can last longer then me while giving me an amazing fuck I'll do anything you want including being your submissive slut." I say in a follow up text.
I was the bus driver of group from girls college. I used a magic stone to posses one of the girls as they were leaving but someone bumped into me and the stone is somewhere on the floor, without it I can't turn back and the profesor is hurrying us off the bus! (rp)
add me to sext and trade pics 26m looking for fun anyone welcome😜😜
"My friend told me when I wear this dirndl I didn't have to pay for any drinks today. Anyone wants to invite me?
Can you believe that this is what I look like now? I'm supposed to attend a college lecture today, but how can I possibly show up like this!? I should've never trusted her... I wonder what she's up to in my body right now...
Favorite type of pictures
Am I your type? Link
Roleplay - my friend's mom was always nice to me and we had alot in common...i found out why the hard way when one day I woke up 30 years in the past as a younger version of her... 30 years later, I'm back at the very date it all happened... I think I let myself go a little since giving birth...
"Mom come on why do I have to be a girl for the family vacation I look ridiculous." (rp)
We had both failed our English class. So we came up with an idea, we’d use magic to swap one of us into our teachers body and change our grades! What could go wrong?? (Always open for RP)
Mary moved into an alleged haunted house. There was no sign of the paranormal during the day, so she immediately let her guard down. However, things turned weird during the evening hours. As Mary drifted to sleep, a spirit in the house entered her body, slowly gaining control of the sleeping woman.
I saw people enjoy going to the swap clinic. I went and was swapped with a woman. I ran home to jump around and play with my breasts. I ran my fingers down to my pussy and played with myself. I loved the new sensitivity and pleasure. The only thing I could say was “oh wow”. (DM/RP)
My sister was always jealous of how much stronger than her I was so she stole my body leaving me in hers.She said she will swap us back if I can make her body stronger than mine.
How to get pregnant
(M4TF) You'd chuckle before sending the pic to your best friend~ Ever since you transitioned, your 'straight' roommate's been acting real strange around you~ It was obvious he didn't see you as a guy anymore, all he needed was a little push~ "Whatever you do to my dick, I'l do to yours~" You'd send.
Pregnancy can be a long and painful time for women. So, I offer a simple solution; I swap bodies with them for the duration of their pregnancy. I usually look forward to swapping back, but I have fallen for my latest client Renata. I love being her as her (my) body changes, I don't wanna swap back
There was nothing Gary could do. His girlfriend, who just found she was lesbian, didn't want their relationship to end. To fix this she bought a magical necklace which she used to turn him into her plaything. He was helpless to resist. [RP]
My brother decided to swap with mom for mothers day, he said it would giver her a break from all the chores. I think he hates the chores but he must have got her a new wardrobe and as much as I hate to say it he is making my mom look really hot. He wants to hang now. (RP)
“Wow! These feel perky!” You said in Lily’s body as you felt my chest. We had the biggest crushes on the two HIMYM girls, using a magic remote we were able to swap into the bodies of Lily and Robin on the show!
My sister and I never got along very well. We were fighting when I accidentally sat on the remote, which ended up swapping our bodies. Evidently, the remote also made us both super horny. It's an odd sensation having my own dick inside of my pussy, but I'm enjoying it too much to complain!
I am a cop and ever since I found that magic remote I can't resist using it at the job. I am providing additional punishment.
This year to spice up our boy’s vacation for the whole summer, we all had to take a shot! All but one had vodka, the other… x-change… so now I’m a girl for the next few months and I’m pretty sure they all have crushes on me. (RO)
This week is crazy. Tonight is our championship game against our big rival. On Monday I got a text from the rival QBs ex girlfriend asking me out. I thought it was some revenge thing on him, so I agreed. We had a great night last night, but when I woke up, she was gone and my cock was too. (RP)
Perhaps you should've thought twice before busting into the house of a reality bender. Sure you were part of a special Swat Team but you were not prepared for an entity like me. Within seconds you went from a might team leader to a fun loving Mother. (Rp)
Liv was the queen of the popular kids in college. She made it a point to harass all the students not in her inner circle, one of which was a body hopper. When she got home, she found that she was a slave to her body. Liv was no longer in control of her actions, at the mercy of the humiliated hopper.
I started the next and last Plague. After my friend fell ill from an unknown disease, he became a fun loving girl, and she loved flashing her new tits. She asked me to travel the world together, and I said yes. I didn’t know it at the time, but every person she flashed caught this slutty sickness
I had been peeking on the office couple fucking in a closed off office. Wishing to be getting some action my vision suddenly went black but when I opened my eyes I didn't become the person I wanted, I was bent over the desk getting pounded. (Rp)
She Reconsiders Wasting His Load On A Handjob And Buries It Inside Her Pussy
After my wife left our house in order to travel to a 3 day meeting, I used my new magic remote to change myself into what could have been our daughter if we had one. I had turned the music on so I didn't hear the front door open, until it was to late... who is it? I asked (RP)
Six Shemales Gangbang A Poor Guy
When I was younger, I was diagnosed with gynecomastia or “man-boobs”. The doctor said they’d go away in a year or so, but when I went for my next checkup, they were C cup and irreversible. My mom decided it would be easier for me to live as a girl. Now I’m 20, and getting bottom surgery. (AMA/RP)
(RP) I was visiting my rich friend's house when I noticed some really cool high-heeled boots. I felt compelled to try them on, and then I felt compelled to take of my clothes. And then I discovered that I was a woman...
"Being pregnant doesn't seem too hard." I said to my co-worker. " We'll see how you like it" she replied. I ignored it, but the next morning, I woke up in her pregnant body. She isn't answering my calls, I think I'm stuck like this now.
When I was forcibly shifted into a hot babe's body, my friends tried to take advantage of it much to my annoyance. Well one of them ended up taking a picture of me and uploading it online, now I'm the talk of twitter and have gained a whole bunch of followers!
Supple
Eat my ass or 7 years bad luck
Day 4: I am slowly falling in love with being pregnant. I sent this picture to my husband (and some of his friends today). I can’t wait to see what they have to say in response.
When Nick's gf invited him to her family reunion, she failed to mention it was a swap party and landed in the body of one of her cousins. Later on, as Nick wandered around, he stumbled on his body getting a BJ from his gf's mom. They asked if he wanted to join and he replied with a devilish grin.
After my best friend got the gender flu and turned into a woman life has been pretty hard on the both of us. He hated it at first and didn't want to leave his room. I think he has embraced his new femininity because when we met up at the bar he looked like this. (RP)
I was a broke and lost soul.... I didn't had anything to live for and that night everything has ended.... I spotted a few guys trying to rob a homeless person. I stopped them and the poor guy fled! They weren't happy about that and beat me to death! I gave up, but suddenly woke up in this body! (RP)
Hdhcjjdc
‘Oh I didn’t expect you to wake up so quick. Normally people stay dozed off for a while longer after the switch’ I said as I looked down on you ‘guess it doesn’t matter, better get the shock out now. Anyways I’ll be going over to your friends now, they must be wondering why I’m taking so long!’
What was the first thing you did after the Great Shift hit? I couldn't wait to hit the beach and get stared at by everyone and their sons.
"So just pose like this and I can go back to being your son? " I ask my dad who wanted to do a naughty photo shoot with one of his daughters but all of whom left state for ivy league schools. me I stayed local so now I'm doing this photo shoot
After my friends had found out about my shapeshifting powers, they constantly hounded me to give them a free strip show. Eventually I gave in, and when it came to the private lap dances, they asked me to become somone they knew, that wasnt their wives...
[discord] Seeking assistance from a body hopper, are you up for a challenge?
I had booked a trip to exchange island with my friend.We set up a meeting place and I’m currently waiting for him I wonder what body he got?
Transformation (Part 1)
The justice league came into contact with the avengers and were completely fascinated with their world, the two teams agreed to send their minds across universes to whoever they'd match well with. Batman expected he'd be swapped with the avenger's rich genius but instead he became Black widow!
It was bad enough when your father came home one day in your ex girlfriend's body, but when you learned he was forced into the body by your mother? that was the last straw, you had to get him out of there before she forces him to do anything else
One of my best?
Your brother was a career body flipper, buying less fortunate bodies and turning them into at least passable bodies, and since your wife was having body image issues you asked him for a favor, today's the first time you've seen him in months and he doesn't even look like your wife anymore!
(M4ApTF) You'd pout as you flashed your new, perfectly shaped mounds to your roommate~ Ever since you transitioned, he's been making you doll yourself up and put on all these cosplay outfit~ He seems to have gotten greedier recently as his requests are becoming more and more... Risque~
I had swapped bodies with my friends older sister, Cameron had such a nice body and I couldn’t help but take advantage of the situation the second I entered her body
Well not only I crashed my time machine in the wrong year of my life, which made me younger, but i also messed up and I'm a girl now... I could fix my machine back if I wasn't distracted with other things... and if I didn't sucked at maths now (RP DM)
“Dude” I text you with a pic. “Your stupid pills actually worked. Mostly” I laugh. I probably showed to much off to you, but I didn’t care. I took the dosage, and after I woke up, I was almost female. Except for my penis of course, which was still there. I suppose more pills can’t hurt
Jjjk
here's what my teachers stare at all day
Did you know you can be allergic to magic? I didn't, not until my friend tried to steal my gaming skill and I ended up turning into a chick. Needless to say I was furious. But it's not all bad, I'm making loads of money from streaming and tye vest part? I ended up keeping my skill in the end.
When I told my friend I wanted a Clown at my birthday and he just showed up with Balloons and a red nose, I was pretty upset. So, to compensate, I shot him with a special liquid from a flower and he became a much better, funnier, goofy clown. (Rp)
Haha! My spell worked! I thought it would be funny if Chris had to walk a few miles in Billie’s shoes after his annoying body shaming rant last night. I’ll figure out how to change him back later, I wouldn’t mind getting a good look at those fat tits first. He left me this voicemail this morning.
Recently went to exchange island after a breakup and I think I won the jackpots in terms of bodies!
I had gone on vacation with my friend when I started giving him crap about not having a girlfriend. The following morning I woke up like this and. . . Oddly I want to do anything he asks. (Rp)
She is having a good time on her flight
I have perfect boobs, it'll be a shame if I keep them all to myself (18f)
My milf boobs... do you like them?
If i set up a patreon page where i would do 3d renders for you, would you sign up?
"I knew you rescuing you would be magical" I said to my cat. I had no idea when I took him home from the shelter that he was a reincarnated wizard, but when I wished for a better beach body it all started to make sense ..
I’m a terrible friend. I was having some fun cat fishing my best friend and when the time came to have our ‘date’ I felt myself changing. It hurt like hell as my body morphed and eventually I ended up like this. Finally I hear the knock at my front door. “Who is it?” [RP]
(Role play wanted) It was humiliating. I was one of the orders greatest Jedi knights. Then, this Twi’lek sith came in and swapped our bodies. I hope she doesn’t cum inside me, forcing me to take on her life.
My classmate found my reddit account, but that doesn't mean i'm gonna stop posting what i'm proud of
My wife is extremely possessive, enough to steal my body to attend my friend’s bachelor party in my place. Why do I put up with it? Simple. I love being in her body! The first thing I did was dress up in my favorite heels and outfit to go buy sexy clothes. And now it’s time to play with her toys!
My daughter (left) has her last college formal tonight. I said it was a shame she was going alone. She blushed and told me she had a date but wouldn’t tell me anything about him. I’m worried he won’t treat her right. So I used a 24 hour swap spell and see that her date is a girl. (RP)
Being the mom for once
When the FOSE swapped you with your brother (ew) you learned you had to cum to your old body to switch back, but the picture you provided wasn't working so you called in the real thing..(not my cock pic, I'm a girl)
My marriage was in shambles, I kept arguing with my wife and she said she will file for a divorce. I wished we could be getting along again and the next day woke up with everyone remembering me as her daughter! (rp)
For the past few days I have been waking up with the taste of cum in my mouth. I decided to check my roommates phone and found this video of me. Turns out his friend has been swapping with me in my sleep and giving him blowjobs! (RP Wanted)
It was humiliating. I was one of the orders greatest Jedi knights. Then, this Twi’lek sith came in and swapped our bodies. I hope she doesn’t cum inside me, forcing me to take on her life. (Rp)
My best friend and I used to spend the evenings playing video games and getting High when to kill time. Since XChange came out, we pooled our money together to buy some. We find more enjoyment in a physical hang out now instead of a stoned bro-down.
Im telling you, after going to sexual therapy in order to get rid of my shyness, not only did i waked up in a new body, but also my mind was not the same... is like if i were so much more susceptible and girly... it was supposed to make me understand the other side but im not so sure about this (rp)
I'd been working on a new VR headset that, when worn, allowed me to fully rewrite them. I brought it too the scoence fair where I had my awful, old man teacher put it on, and soon after, he became the new, bustiest, head cheerleader on campus, and I was not complaining. (Rp)
Sarah was in the middle of her workout routine when she felt a cold chill come down her back. She then felt extremely light and saw her own body in front of her. She was terrified as she saw her body bend towards the couch, slowly stripping out of her leggings. Her body was taunting her but why?
My friend made fun of me when I claimed I figured out how to possess people. So while we were in his house I pretended to go to the bathroom but possessed his mom. “So yeah I am stupid and possession is total BS bro” I mock from his moms body. (RP)
Why settle for human when you can be more? At the Institute of Doctor Moreau, our augmented, animal-derived bodies can be custom ordered. Want fur? A tail? Or maybe the power and libido of a puma woman in heat? We offer it all, and for only a fraction of the cost of a true-human body. No refunds.
Swap Class Update: Found some pictures of this body before the pregnancy! What do y’all think of it?
It’s been almost 3 days since I lost my mother on this island. I looked around until finally I saw her resting. She seemed unconscious. As I got closer I saw someone open her mouth as they started to slowly disintegrate into her mouth.
"I never knew having big tits was such a burden," I send you the video. I had been selected for the Body Swap Student Exchange Program (BSSEP). It's a six month program, but that hasn't stopped me from trying to keep a long distance relationship with my boyfriend going...
On my 18th birthday, I woke up as a girl. I was devastated and hid in my room for three weeks. But my family has been amazing helping me through this. They helped me get into college where no one knew the old me and now a year later, I love my life!! (RP)
My stud bully~
Me and my son signed up for this swap exchange holiday where you swap with another family in another country and live there life whilst they live yours well we ran into a little problem, instead of being swapped with a father and son we swapped with a monther and daughter for 2 whole months(RP)
“May the 4th be with you” I say nervously, I was turned into a girl by the gender wave, ever since I’ve been hiding in my room wearing baggy clothes but today I decided to surprise my nerdy roommate with this costume I brought
There are three kinds of hoppers. Ones who are so powerful, they hop uncontrollably, those who can hop just fine, and people like me, who have to force it. I had no clue I was this, until I had sex with my girlfriend. After the switch, she left me. If I want to be a guy again, I need to have sex
I got bored. I possessed my sisters body and messaged one of my friends (pretending to be her), asking him to come over and play truth or dare. Now I'm sitting here in my bra and panties!
When the nerd refused to give me his lunch money, I transformed him into a female. Thankfully, I was able to make him, pay a different way.
last night was my bachelor party and my friends took me to Mexico. they hired a stripper and convinced me to take swap pills with her. s after that I got hammered and when I woke up I was still her with cum on my face. wait why can't I remember where my hotel was? (RP)
I knew I shouldn’t trust people on the internet. Stupid fake communities on Reddit and 4chan forums. They all said they trusted this anti-aging product, so I caved in and bought it. Oh it worked, but not how I wanted it. I don’t want to be young if I look like a college chick! What a disaster!!
This island was new to me but I knew once I swapped I shouldn’t look for my own body. That was until I saw my body on the stage of a show. A hypnotist had hypnotized whoever was in my body. They had them wear a purple bikini.
She likes her friends big tits it seems
“You’re home late.” I say to my wife Mia, leaning back on the bed. When a strange electrical accident swapped me with her friend Annie, we promised to try to work it out. But Mia has been staying out late recently, and I’m worried..
You felt so lucky after the great shift, you got given such a hot body to mess with! But then you understood what being this hot REALLY meant... very quickly, you got body hopped by me! "Ohhh! Another person who got swapped! You're all so easy to take over it's incredible!"
I am the world’s biggest Ariana Grande fan. When I heard she was looking for a lookalike and was willing to pay for surgeries, I signed up immediately. And I got it! This is me now. I look just like her!! Well except for my cock, which they let me keep if I kept it tucked in public. (RP)
Jake and I were turned into girls on the same night by a witch coven. If we abstained from having sex in these bodies that we’d eventually ‘heal’ but if we indulged in carnal pleasure we would become womanly. When I met up with Jake after the first weekend, I couldn’t hide the fact I ‘overindulged’.
I bet my father that I could last our entire family vacation as a girl. This is me in our hotel room. needless to say I'm winning but my dad wants to keep me as his daughter now. help!
(RP, who are you?) I had always been close with my friend’s family. Except I hadn’t heard from them recently. I get a text from his mom to come over. She had just gone through a nasty divorce. “Mrs. Smith? Is everything ok?” I call from the bottom of the stairs.
After this random lady, must have been a stripper or something, ran up to me, swapped our bodies and left you were the only one to help me. Seeing me as I checked out the hotel room, you decided to stay the night to "comfort me"
10 years ago, me and my brother pissed off mom. She swapped our bodies by mistake for 10 years. After such a long time im finally getting my female, now adult body back. I saw it develop and now its mine again! (Ama\RP)
They say a good book can take the reader to a different time and place. I didn't realize they meant it literally. After finally looking away from the pages I realized I was at an unknown place looking like a girl! (rp)
My little sister has always been a bookworm. She basically lived in libraries, and now she's sitting in m bed wearing a small dress! Anyone got any ideas what's happened to her?
My girlfriend had a possession kink. She desperately wanted me to possess her with a spell she found, but I said no. Upset, she went to our room and read the spell. When I found her, I saw her naked and empty vessel. Her body got up a few seconds later, but I don’t think she’s in control anymore…
Roleplay - we were over at Kevin's house trying out a weird chemistry set we bought at a strange store. as you mixed the beaker, you dropped it on the floor and picked it back up unaware one of Kevin's mom's hairs was on the beaker. after drinking the potion, the smoke clears and we all scream....
Re: Swap Meet - Part Two
I'm not sure why it happened, but my sister and I swapped just as I had been staring at her ass while she was doing yoga. Her first experience with my body involved having a raging hard cock, which quickly turned it's way towards me in her old body
For their 25th anniversary, Jon and Carol booked an anniversary package on exchange island, which guaranteed to put them in attractive bodies. Once they got on the island, they were shocked to be in the opposite gender. But that didn't stop them from enjoying their new larger assets.
You were beginning to regret making that wish. When his health was failing, you wished you had more time with him. Your wish was granted, his spirit was put in the body of your platonic roommate. Somehow he even got her kinks, "Just give me a few hits to help calm me down..."
I sat there at my desk when my dad texted me "Son.. I had an accident in my lab and I need you to come over..." I tried asking more but his messages just started to seem..different? So I decided to head over this lab(continue Rp in DMs)
You and I were in debt, and we had no money to pay it out. So the only thing we could do is get another way. So you found a medallion who make people swap bodies. We used and get into 2 kardashian’s bodies. With who did you swapped with?
"I can not believe Ashley was willing to give this up! This is THE life!" Ashley is my bestie but hated being pregnant. I offered to swap with her to give her a break and I'm absolutely LOVING the attention! We even agreed to keep the swap a secret. I hope she doesn't get use to the single life!
Sundress season has arrived
So, I’ve got in issue… My bully from work figured out that I had a crush on Florence Pugh… and through some sort of spell… he became her… but he messed it up… and now he’s technically Yelena…. So now… I have a hot Russian who’s constantly teasing me, great. (RP Open)
before the great shift I would always go to the gym after I lost my body and was turned into this girl. this is my first time back at the gym (rp wanted)
I can't stop these feelings, i been so horny and like my brains is like totes simple. I used a spell to become a perfect girl, but like it turns out it said that girls are supposed to like be dumb and horny all the time, and it was made for making better wifes... i screw up hard (RP DM)
When the nerd refused to give me his lunch money, I used a spell to change his body and personality to something much more...appealing. Thankfully, I was able to make him pay a different way.
When the nerd refused to give me his lunch money, I used a spell to change his body and personality to something much more...appealing. Thankfully, I was able to make him pay a different way. (RP Wanted)
When Wren Adam’s asked me to be in her summer transformation video I got so excited I went right away to start filming “wow I never thought I’d see the day where I’d be in one of your videos, so hey when do I change back” I say with a smile “never, you seen my videos, the man never changes back”
Did u/excitement_original's account get deleted?
My Mom found all my Ahegao and Big Titty Goth porn. She was pretty pissed about it and said "No real girl would ever be like that!" So I decided to prove her wrong. And might I say, she is now, exactly like both of those things. Though her anime girl like personality can be abit annoying. (Rp)
I’ve been stuck as a girl for a day now, my roommate told me that if I swallow a man’s cum, I’ll go back to my male body,so I put on my sister’s underwear and gave my roommate the handjob of a lifetime, but he lied to me, swallowing a man’s cum means I’m going to be stuck as a girl for a whole month
So, I’ve got an issue… My bully from work figured out that I have a crush on Florence Pugh… and through some sort of spell… he became her? But he messed it up… and now he’s technically Yelena…. So now… I have a hot Russian who’s constantly teasing me,great. (RP Open)
The Swap class didn't have a typical assignment, most people didn't even believe the class existed and if the participants were found out they failed. I was a male student with my instructions leading me into this coffeshop where the only other guest was this girl of around the same age (rp)
Does anyone have an archive or link to the Wren Adams bunnygirl video?
It was humiliating. I was one of the orders greatest Jedi knights. Then, this Twi’lek sith came in and swapped our bodies. I hope she doesn’t cum inside me, forcing me to take on her life. (Rp)
Mila everyday get out for a jog with her brother, but the great shift would change all of that, when one day running into the woods, she swapped bodies with a prisoner who got locked up for being a pervert, who was now on the criming again, starting with Mila's brother, who remained unswapped.
My mom was magic. I said I wanted to learn and she smirked saying she’d only teach me if I completed three challenges in a year. I agreed not knowing what they are. She swapped our bodies and said I had to live a year as her, make sure no one found out and get pregnant within three months. (RP)
Let me show you my teacher thigh-gap. [f]40
I was so happy for my stepdad. The swap treatment would let him be who he’d always wanted. I just… I guess I thought he’d swap into a form closer to his own age and… a little less distracting? He’s certainly walking around with new confidence. Thank god I’m heading to University in a week (RP)
When I logged on to play games with all my friends today... none of them believed what I said. A massive power surge at my apartment block had caused everyone to swap bodies, and I was a girl now! "Hold on! Lemme post a selfie... there! That's me now... no one be weird."
They Like It Messy
He spends hours playing video games so I post on here for you guys
Super Power Story
As your friend I had taken the role of your sponsor to help you beat your swap addiction. I helped you through it, and sometimes you’d text me to take your mind off the urges. Today, I received this video instead and the message ‘I’m sorry! Don’t hate me’, I shook my head. ‘Dan! Where are you?’
my dad had just finished with his newest invention. He went to out to celebrate. I was so curious what it did I snuck downstairs and saw two open pods. I'm suddenly shoved inside one, and hear the machine come to life. "who pushed me and why?"
My Roommate drank all the milk as per usual. It was starting to get a bit irritating so with a new special milk I developed in my lab, he now had an infinite supply. The best part? He thought this was the always him. He keeps acting abit motherly and trys to feed me. Interesting side effect(Rp)
roleplay - I was a hot 22 year old woman until the great shift came and put me in the body of a fat middle aged man... after years of saving up, dieting and surgery, I'm almost back to being a woman...however I'm making so much more money through being a mature shemale. plus I might miss my cock
It’s called experimenting, Jerry, get used to it. My roommate has become concerned by how long I’ve held my form. I’m a shapeshifter, and it’s dangerous for me to say one way too long. But this is the first fully working female body I’ve become, I can’t waste it, I have to do everything
Gender Flu transformation took 2 whole weeks to complete all the changes. I was hopeful my tits would still come in nice an big, but now after 4 weeks, doctors said I shouldn’t expect anymore changes. Anyone like flat chests?
“Okay, okay! I’ll swap into our neighbor so you could fool your parents and get them off your back about settling down…but JUST FOR THE NIGHT. Switch me back in the morning okay? Promise me dude. You owe me. Alright fine, let’s do this…. Hey there Mr and Mrs Martinez, nice to meet you!”
You were having a bad day, went to the gym to blow off steam. While lifting, you passed out and woke up as Trevor. You see a weight twice your best in front of you and move it like it’s nothing. You go to the mirror to snap a selfie and realize your cock is in a cage. Why does my hole feel so empty?
I wanna swap my body with my moms. So I can fuck all the hung bulls she's going out with.
My nudist aunt: "Aw, come on! You're 18 already and nudity isn't inherently sexual. Why don't you come over the weekend to help around the house and keep company to your lonely aunt?" Also my aunt furiously masturbating at the table as I put the groceries in the fridge after she asked me to swap:
I asked my crush out on a date but she informed me that she was a lesbian, I was heart broken until I discovered X-change, now we are girlfriend and girlfriend
The local gym fell into chaos when the great shift occurred. Perverted men found themselves in the bodies of women with great physiques. Charlie was one of those men. He was now in the body of Anna, one of the hottest women in the gym. He snuck away to the restroom to explore his new body.
I just woke up and my head was in so much pain, but I heard my roommates in the other room talking “How are we gonna tell him the food you gave him last night had gender swap serum in it, this is your fault so I think you should do it” I went into the room with my roommates “hey, what’s going on”
For the past few days I have been waking up with the taste of cum in my mouth. I decided to check my roommates phone and found this video of me. Turns out his friend has been swapping with me in my sleep and giving him blowjobs! (RP Wanted)
Remembering your Transformation
I had signed up for testing for some new hooded t-shirts. I had gotten so excited when I received mine in the mail that I put it on instantly, but when I did I started changing. My waist got thinner while my chest kept growing. I thought they were going to rip through the shirt when they stopped.
My girlfriend(the one behind the other)was ecstatic at who I swapped with after the great shift, telling me she was gonna “show me a good time” to make me feel better about the change
Jimmy was my friend, he was black but he said he always wanted to know what it was like to be white. I always thought it was a joke but then he went to swap clinic and got a white girls body I think he is enjoying it so far but it is strange for me. (RP)
To spice up your sex life, you swapped bodies with your girlfriend. After the swap, you kept your dominant nature in bed. It took a little adjusting (and some practice) at first, but you eventually got used to the feeling of riding your old male body.
SWAP Inc. recently invented Swap Pops, lollipops that temporarily switches the bodies of 2 random people sucking on a Swap Pop. You tried one out of curiosity, and after licking it once, you suddenly found yourself in the body of a very well-endowed "nun".
For some reason my gf's mom swapped our bodies! I want to be mad about it but her husband is such a stud in bed, and every time he makes me orgasm I feel myself becoming more and more like her... (dm/rp)
My 2nd day in this body! Learning how to sleep while pregnant was interesting. I kept feeling my baby move. I wonder when my new husband will be home. *phone gets message from him* oh I wonder what it says? (Dm to Rp)
I met this chick at the club and we stayed together the whole night. We went to a dark corner where we could talk privately. We spoke until we both revealed we had a body swapping kink. I told her I knew how to swap and we decided to go ahead with it. She’s just got her first boner…(RP Wanted)
When my girlfriend and I swapped bodies, I hated it. She acts feminine in my body and talks like a girl, but when it comes to anything sexual she becomes really demanding and doesn’t stop asking until I agree. Sometimes I think she caused the swap, this is the 9th time we are doing this…(rp wanted)
My family was pretty protective of my sister they would never let her out of the house at all as they where scared it was to go see a boy, they paid me pretty handsomely to use a necklace they bought to swap body's with her and make sure she doesn't get in trouble, I might be her for 9 more months.
"You didn't tell me your sister was THIS hot!" The great shift left me way better off, but my friend is probably very nervous right now!
Fucking On A Cruise Ship
Jenny was unfortunate to cross paths with a body hopper. He wanted to hop into her, but the hopper had a better idea. He ripped out the soul of a man that couldn’t keep his eyes off of Jenny and forced it inside her, sharing her body. As you could see, the hopper ensured the man would be in control.
“I know she’s your sister and all, but you gotta admit she has a nice ass right?” I was at my girlfriend’s house when I found out she was a reverse hopper. I touched her skin once, and I found myself seeing through her eyes. I was in the middle of exploring her body when you, her brother, walked in.
“Ok Kate. Mom said I have to keep an eye on you while we’re at the beach so that—“ my voice stops. I can’t talk anymore. I feel myself shrinking and ultimately splitting in two. My sister strips naked and picks up my bottom half and slips it on. Did she turn me into a bikini?? (Rp)
(F4M-RP)"Merry Christmas kiddo! Here's your very own bodysuit! Now you can throw away that greasy nerd body and slip into this!" Said my dad. I can't wait to try it out!!!
What would be the life you really would be interested to try, given that you could jump in for a week (or more) without anyone noticing ?
I had to do whatever she asked. My girlfriend found a necklace that allowed her to alter the world simply by commanding it. She playfully turned me into a woman, but then got serious and began to ask me to strip. I'm concerned she might not change me back...
Until I became a girl, I didn’t realise how sensitive girls nipples were, now all I do is walk around my house playing with them
Tired of your boring life? Need to escape your daily mundane job and live the wildest fantasies that you have always dreamed of? The magical land of Xchange Resort is here for all your fantasies. To sign in for your Xchange pills, UPVOTE and COMMENT down below who you want to be n what you wanna do?
My friend was the complete opposite of me, a nerd to his very core, while I was a Sports guy. Though I wanted to help him gain some popularity. With my special powers I changed his body quite abit, and even his mind was more girly, but he was still just as nerdy. (Rp)
I like don't know how she like swapped us but she said all I had to do to swap back was like suck my own cock. Now she is like telling me sucking my own cock sealed the swap forever and ever! This is like soooo unfair! How cum its soooo hard to think now?
To avoid dying of complete boredom, I invited you to tag along on my family vacation to our beach house. Left to our own, you had your own idea of how to pass time: turning me into one of three hotties. (Open rp)
Become a Disney princess and let's rp! Looking for personality and mental changes. Slice of life over nsfw. If you're into frozen that's a plus. RP
My boyfriend Eric kept begging to have a 3some. One day, I told him we can have one with my BFF Sarah. He was excited, but I left out the 3way body swap. But I did enjoy the look on his, well my former face, as his head was between my legs while Sarah was pounding him with his own manhood.
Being a single rider at an amusement park wasn’t that bad. I always get paired with somebody. I was lucky when the workers put me with her. Naturally, she ignored me most of the ride. However, she was desperately trying to get my attention a few minutes later. It was like she was a different person.
Adina loved her body. She practiced astral projection to see it better. She was enjoying the view until her pervy brother saw her body begging to be touched. Adina tried to stop him, but entry to her body was denied! That meant that another soul found her body, making it it’s new home.
i MAY have gotten a bit too comfortable, but can you blame me? a few months ago i was assigned a secret mission where i’d become becca, fighter of a crime boss. but…i haven’t had it in me to finish the mission. i don’t know if i ever will! RP
I thought it would be fun to swap with my Teacher, and we’ll for added fun I stoped off at the local sex toy shop and got a pair of vibrating panties… ow and the remotes not with me…
It felt so weird…my new body with so thin and fit. I had been talked into taking swap class as a summer elective and I ended up getting partners with an old friend from when we were at camp…and now I was gonna spend the whole summer as her(rp wanted)
Thick Las Vegas Mami
"Holy shit... I'm adorable?!" I used to be a celebrity, I was fairly popular and good looking! But then the fose hit... I had a hand down my jeans, and was... well, you can imagine. I was shocked when I saw my reflection though...
Something weird is going on at this beach people are acting strange, Me and my girlfriend decided to go to swap beach. I thought it was a weird name for a beach but really thought nothing of it. Then I looked over and saw my girlfriend staring at her own chest in excitement and curiosity. (RP)
“Yeah sis, I actually did have a really fun vacation after I accepted that you turned me into a girl. But I actually had a lot of fun this way. What do you think mom and dad will say when they see the new me? Wait…no. What do you mean you’re turning me back? I can’t go back to being a guy!” (RP)
One moment I am in my room jerking off to my recently moved in neighbor crush, then suddenly I am looking at her mirror taking a selfie in her body… “Is this the SwapApp…?” I think she used it by accident… (RP/DM)
Me best friend’s sister (pink) had the ability to see what anyone would look like as the opposite gender when she saw what I looked like she turned me into a girl for a weekend but with all her flirting and love I asked to stay like this and be hers
I used a device that my father made on my girlfriend. It took away her soul while making her body empty. But unlucky for me you took the remote away from me. “What are you going to do? Go in her body? Put someone else in it or what?”
My mom and I made a bet… she didn’t think I could survive summer vacation as a girl and I thought I could so long story short, this is me for a bit… she was really happy to see me like this but said she didn’t want to lose the bet so she’ll do what she can to make me want to change back. (RP)
Can I tutor you in Psychology?
When I placed an ad for a swap on swap online I wasn’t really expecting any hits but I was surprised when Ellie placed an offer the only condition no going back, I took a breath as I accepted immediately laying on a boat as my new boyfriend smiled and welcomed me to my new life as a woman(RP/DM/AMA)
My Step Sister was always bragging about how she had the Mom and I didn't. She should've realized the abilities i'd inherited from mine. Because my Sister no longer existed, but I had a very fun, extra Motherly figure in my life. (Rp)
The great shift put me into the body of this girl, but the worst part is that it brought me a lot of desires, im sure she was such a nympho, so I better find some good psychologist or someone to help me supress these totally weird body needs!!
"Ok fine! but this is the last time i show you guys ok?" my friends had been so weird and demanding always wanting to see what they called my 'bigger and better body' that i had gained through second puberty.
I adjust my top for the hundredth time today. My new breasts were struggling to stay inside the new bikini. I frown as Greg searches through the website on his laptop. "Greg, I get using your birthday wish for a girlfriend. But there is no way its staying me. Change me back now!" (RP,AMA)
Looking to Rp as one of them!
The Great Shift put your gf in the nearest body:your dog, and your dog kept a lot of her dog qualities, so having "special fun" didn't seem right, but it had been a while now, and she was looking really good...
Colorful Yukiko【Skeleton &amp; Movable Joint &amp; Resin Head Sculpture】
I'm not your wife, you stupid bastard. I shouted after my body-swapping device went on the fritz and randomly swapped me around with my neighbor. Now I had to fight off her boorish husband before he gets any wrong ideas.
"Dude! Thank God you came, I know this is gonna be impossible to believe but it's me, your best friend Brian" I try convincing you after my girlfriends friend swapped our bodies leaving me trapped in hers. "stop looking at me like that! This is serious I gotta warn Kelly"
“Soo what does that remote do??” I ask from my new body not realizing I’m now a freshman in college girl. “I think you wasted your money on a dud. I’d return it if I were you!” I lean on the post of the porch. (RP anytime)
"Dude! I told you my aunt's tits were natural! I swear ever since we swapped you guys all treat me different!" My aunt was getting into the whole body trade trend and handed off her body to me. Now my friends all stare at me and act like I'm a stranger!
"wait... what does my body do in front of me?! and why can't I move or talk?!" apparently this doll has functions that I still don't know ... like how to return to my body.
Once you get home, your mom steps out to greet you. "About time you got home dude. I told you that I was hanging out this weekend." That's when it clicked that your best friend possessed your mom's body to hangout with you for the weekend. how do you react to this? "So what should we do first man?"
I shift from one foot to awkwardly standing on the other, bracing myself on the counter. The weight of my new breasts and stomach making my body feel alien. I watch as my girlfriend yells at her Dad"! Fix the machine! John cannot be stuck as Ashley. He can't be stuck as my older sister!" (RP/AMA)
10 years ago, my brother and I pissed of our mom so bad that she made up swap bodies for 10 years. Today these long years are finally over and we return to our own bodies. My brother made some quick last selfies. Cant wait to be back! cant even remember what it felt like(Rp\ama)
Babe, there’s something wrong with my body. Look at my breasts. They’re bigger than the bra that fit me this morning. They are growing. Well I don’t care that it makes me look hot, this suit is defective! Can we go back to the clinic? Fine, tomorrow. But do I really look that hot?
For your birthday you asked your mom, for a blowjob... She said that she couldn't do it... So you paid me to swap into her body to do it for you... Just don't cum inside her pussy and make the swap permanent!
Was at a party with my cousin when everyone decided to swap bodies and give each other dares. I got swapped with my cousin, and she was in my body. I had just been dared to strip to panties and bra when her ex walks in! Now I see both him and my old body eyeing me up, who would make a move first?
I was a old rich guy I was dying so I told anyone if they swapped bodies with me I would let them have all my wealth. finally this female walked in my office to swap bodies (rp wanting a gm)
"Dad Jason did it again he changed me into a girl. can you help please?
My sister (right) beat me in one of our bets, and I had to do and be anything she wanted for a month. However I didn't realize how literal this was, when she told me to move in with her in college and become her roommate, my body changed. Now I stood ready to do anything and everything she asked
I woke up, feeling a bit out of sorts, before realizing that this wasn't my bedroom. I groaned, I had the ability to hop bodies but it was so potent that I couldn't control it. I could only suppress it. Whenever I slept I risked losing control, and then my power wouldn't return for days!
I am a stand-in for celebrities.When there is an event they don't want to go to, but are obligated to, they simply swap bodies with me for the evening. I usually stay professional and try to act as they would, but I couldn't help it when I was in Katy Perry's body.
"no i swear it, im pressing the reverse button all the time but this stupid swapapp Doesn't respond. I guess for now im stuck like this... we have to warn others about this app before its too late! or is it already? (open RP\ama)
You had told your girlfriends mom to tell you about Emily growing up. You wanted to know her more before proposing. Her mom had a better idea . A moment later you found yourself standing in the past, in Emily's mom's body, showing her husband she was newly pregnant. He leans in to kiss you... (RP)
I can’t believe our teacher for Swap Class is such an airhead that doesn’t know how the device works. “You gotta select options like inherit traits then hit enter.” The machine whirs up then calms down. “Now to swap back, you… uhh… What’s this tech thing again? Omg you are such a cutie.”
At first I hated what second puberty had done to my body, but once I realised how sexy I am I started selling videos and photos of my body, I wish my family was more accepting of this, screw them here’s a free video
i was at this party at a friend's house then i started to feel heavy and i closed my eyes and when i woke up i was in her best friend's body.. so why not give it a try my new body the sensations of having this big ass is so good (RP/DM open)
"Hey babe, I'm just going to be really honest with you: I used to be our dog Max. Hope that isn't a turn-off." "Oh, cool. Let's get on with it...Celine." Wait, is "me" actually talking to him? And thinking? AND he doesn't care, and, in fact, likes it?! Oh no! What have I done? This is a disaster! RP
Using my morphing device was great, i had so much fun today at the conention, now i must get to my home in order to change back but even if its late i might still have some time to have fun before the night finish...
My stepsister (left) has a date with her bf and is meeting his parents for the first time tonight, but it’s also her bff’s birthday party. So she turned me into as close of a copy of her as possible and we’re discussing things I need to know to be her for the party. Do we look enough alike? (RP)
Ever since Jess told us about her body swap fetish she’s been swapping our friend group nonstop. I’m currently in Katy's body and whoevers in mine is pretending to be me, I can’t tell if Jess doesn’t know or is going along with it for her own amusement but it looks like I’ll be Katy for a while (rp)
meg is known THE it girl at my school, well at least was. a huge swap occurrence happened across town, leaving ME inside meg! i was a total nobody and i’ve got no idea how to work this body! someone help me! RP
When I logged on to play games with all my friends today... none of them believed what I said. A massive power surge at my apartment block had caused everyone to swap bodies, and I was a girl now! "Hold on! Lemme post a selfie... there! That's me now... no one be weird."
“Dude, this isn’t right and you know it. You have to quit.” I shake my head. This is horrible. Ever since you’ve started working for Venus, you’ve changed. Not just physically, but mentally. “Hey, look at me, I’m happy and perfect. You can’t take that away. So what if they’re using me for breeding”
“I’m not going to stop, and you’re not going to stop me. I wasn’t special until I found my powers. I learned I could steal bits and pieces of others, at the cost of their minds. Now that I’ve nearly completed building my new form, I need one thing, Delaney, and I need you to give it to me.”
I was trying to study in the library but some guy next too me was being really loud and rude. He wouldn't stop when asked. So I figured the spellbook I was studying would come in handy, and really give him something to be loud about. (Rp)
Was at a party with my cousin, and we all decided to swap bodies and do dares. I ended up as my cousin, with her in my body. I was just dared to strip to panties and bra when her ex walks in! I see both him, AND my old body/cousin eyeing me up, who would make a move first?
SpitRoasting Goddess Donabella with Hard Mmm Jhonloveproducoes Full on RED
My stud bully....
(M4MtF) When you first came home after your bottom surgery, your roommate asked if he could use your new pussy to get off. You decided why the hell not, it felt good for you too after all~ A year has passed, you've fully transitioned, and your roommate's been using you as a fleshlight every night~
You had a crush on your best friend for years. He was always so strong and handsome. You wished he felt the same but you knew he didn’t. That is until one day you woke up as your female self. Now you kiss him knowing tonight he’s going to fuck you like you always dreamed!
When my dad passed away, my step-mom was heartbroken. We had to mourn together as we only had each other left. One day she suggested we take a break from our lives and she proposed that we swap bodies. I was reluctant but agreed. One day whilst she was at my work, I sent her this video…(RP Wanted)
We had gone on vacation to the islands me and my best friend and his girlfriend I was jealous of her so I went to see a marabout to swap bodies and it worked!! now i'm going to enjoy my best friend's beautiful cock and test my new body so sexy
Look at me… I used to run this company, but after the great shift, I was lucky to get a secretary job. It wasn’t all bad, though… at least the guy from records is nice.
During dad's second puberty, his raging hormones him so horny made my mom terrified he might cheat on her. Like a good son, I offered to help. He doesn't enjoy it, but he understands getting fucked every morning and night keeps his cravings in check
Swap class is insane! I was on the weightlifting team, and got paired with this tiny emo girl, going from 6 foot 3 to 5 foot 3 and weighing less than my old warm up reps! "Irene your body is so frail! I feel like all it'll take is one fall and I'd be in the ICU! We gotta get you in shape!"
(MTF4A) Han was on a mission to get a magical item, that old sith users used to change forms. Not knowing any better, Han grabbed the item and it took effect on him. When he got back to the buyer, he was now a woman. (Rp dm me this prompt. And what gender you are plus your character.)
“Late again, Jason.” My boss says disapprovingly. There was a technical glitch at the company retreat, and he was swapped with my wife. The team said he could be months before they figure out the bug. That hasn’t stopped him from doing his job, though.
“What the hell dude! I didn’t agree to this!” When you told me you had a present for my cake day I didn’t expect you’d turn me into your girlfriend! (RP)
Someone make a swap story with this
Elina always wanted to be a witch. As if it were magic, she found a spell book in her mother’s attic. Eager to try it out, she opened up a random page and recited what it said to a mirror. When she finished, she was scared to see her body moving by itself. She swapped places with her reflection!
No mom this is ridiculous! You can't just permanently swap me with my sister because she rather wants to be a guy! I Dont want to be a... girl. There must be another way. Jessica!! Where are you?(open RP\AMA)
"Great." "Aweso-" At that moment, the Shift struck, and Molly was left fluttering as her pet butterfly. Meanwhile, "Molly" lost her wings, but gained so much more: a mind, a personality, a smoking body, and, most of all, independence. The "butterfly" screamed internally, but it was MOLLY's life now.
When the great shift happened, there was panic in the streets. I ran to the nearest reflective surface, a car window, to check out my new body. I didn't realize someone was in the car, what an awkward way to start my new life.
I always loved my friend Dylan but after making a legal swap with his mom I’ve realized what a handful is to have as a son. I’m honestly thankful he’s visiting family in one the other side of the state this week. I’ve got the house and my new husband all to myself.
would you let me squat fuck you like this?
There’s this old tank at the local museum that’s allegedly cursed. Every man that goes inside it becomes a pinup model as the legend goes. I thought it was nonsense until I climbed inside and felt the magic wash over me. I feel so different now! Any GIs I can celebrate with?
My boyfriend and I entered this natural spa while holding hands and it somehow swapped our bodies?! Luckily, he’s seemingly cool with us still being here for the day…
During a vacation abroad I discovered a very interesting local practice: with a few special tattoos I could gain an alternate form I could transform into! Nobody knows a boring old man like me has this amazing body hidden away, except of course the few subordinates I keep around after hours.
(F2F) I'm a hotel receptionist, and from time to time, I possess clients I deem interesting. Now I'm this girl, who shared the room with her bf's brother, Brad. I seduced him, and I can't wait to see her expression when, in a few moments, I let her regain control of her body and see what "she" did.
You didn't believe the rumors about the pool. They said it was magical, if you went skinny dipping in it you'd emerge from the waters as a hot little nympho...
I’m just his puppet now, and he pulls my hair like marionette strings. My friend hypnotized me, and slowly feminized me by forcing him to suck his cock. Then I’d wake up, forget everything, and see the changes. But every time his dick is out, I have to obey and submit to my slut side
I wanted to change my body forever. A mysterious person gave me a cookie to feed to the person whose body I would take for life. I put it in the bag of a tall rich athletic man. But when I woke up the next day I was next to him, in his wife's body!
I hadn't seen my best friend in about a year, he has been declared missing for a while. I finally finished my grieving and decided to head to the beach to relax. I saw this woman and she gave me this strange look like she knew me. She walked up and told me she was my friend. (RP)
Times have been tough for my friend, he got hit by the great shift and he swapped with a woman. I told him I'm here for him but its hard, I don't see him as a best friend as much anymore more of a love interest. Maybe at some point he'll begin to love me back. (RP)
"Hey, just because your mom turned me into your wife doesn't mean we can't be best friends. We can still play video games and hoops. (
round 2 of nasty body swaps
"I wonder if I will be able to lose weight at this age..." I said as I look at the chubbyness of this body. my neighbor was tired of being the chubby woman in the neighborhood who instead of training and going to the gym, she decided to steal my body and my life.
A few moments ago I was reviewing my notes of my studies and in a blink I find myself sitting in a different place, while I listen to a man talking about things I don't understand and the strangest thing is the peculiar new view below me.
What I'd thought was just a friendly tennis match resulted in me getting my body stolen by Sarah. Now I'm stuck in her sweaty and busty body unless I can win this next match. I better not lose, Sarah says if she wins this time she'll be taking my memories...(dm/rp)
Plane rides get so boring, so I got myself some inflight entertainment, by possessing this chick and having some fun in the bathroom. I also looked through her phone and found out she has no boyfriend ! Looks like I found my new permanent body ! (RP)
My girlfriend was a devout pianist. She wanted to be great so bad that she bought a magical headset that would make her play like the music she listened to. As soon as she put the headset on, she started showing her ass to me. It was like she was in a hip-hop video…oh no. I hope this isn’t forever.
25 [F4M] Come make me jealous about my boyfriend's ex girlfriend. Detailed writers ONLY!
As two nerds we devised a device to control others as if they were ourselves. Only I slightly misfired. We were supposed to take my crush and her best freinds body, only now I ended up in her mom and my friend ended up in her. I guess we can have some fun before we need to work out how to leave
I was fed up of been treated like trash by the popular students. It was time to cause some trouble, I promised not to use my powers for self gain but someone's got to do something right? I think it's time Beth becomes the class slut, and I guess the old fat professor could be the first on the list.
Can't move my eyes
When my Dad stopped giving me allowance since I stopped doing chores, I was starting to get really annoyed. So, I figured, if I warped reality abit, and made him my Sugar Mama, I could still get allowance, for much mroe fun chores. (Rp)
I wanted to change my body forever. A mysterious person gave me a cookie to feed to the person whose body I would take for life. I put it in the bag of a tall rich athletic man. But when I woke up the next day I was next to him, in his wife's body!
it's been a week since I woke up with this new body...realizing I'm now stuck as this sexy girl I decide to just make the best of it and go out partying... (DM/RP)
Well ever since you announced to me you were a shapeshifter I couldn't expect life to be normal. What I didn't expect was you hijacking my dates pretending to be girls interested in me. All just to tease me and embarrass me in public. I should have seen this coming
Ya know "witches" really should think their curses through, yeah I called her a fat cow, but like how is permanently turning me into a fat chick gonna teach me a lesson, I'm not gonna sit on my ass and get fatter, I started hitting the gym and soon enough I was in better shape than most women
My girlfriend and I were going through a rough patch, we were both so bored with everything that we decided to see how much we could shake stuff up, we signed up for swap therapy and went our separate ways for 2 months, time to see how she'll like dating an E girl.
Ever since the great shift, everyone has been more relaxed on public nudity. At least for the most part. This is my son and I walking down the street. Of course people are staring at us. My wife and two daughters aren’t thrilled with us. Even though one of my daughters is now a guy (RP)
One minute I was putting on the earring offered by my daughter's boyfriend, when suddenly I found myself in Sarah's apartment, in her clothes. In front of me, her boyfriend asked me eagerly : "So, did it work?!"
"Yeah... I'm still tough as fuck!" I was trying my best to keep myself hyped up... but it just wasn't there. The great shift made me tiny, 5'0 tall, and super thin... and a girl. I used to be pretty big and scary but now? I needed a step stool to reach all my shelves...
Your phone must have glitched. You just got a text from your own number. Attached was a nude of a sexy girl and a message. “Alex! I know you won’t believe me. But Im you from the future sending this message. Something called the FOSE happens tonight. Do NOT jerk off to this girl!!” (RP)
They say that female orgasms are better than mens, I didn’t believe them until I took a x-change to test it out and well they might be right
today is my first day at work as a mom since the Great Shift as the government insists that we take the identities of our new bodies. at least it will be interesting to meet all the other employees and their new bodies.
René, 67YO. I always loved men and above all, I always dreamed of being a woman. Then I met this girl, Victoria. She looked just like the one I dreamed of being. When she turned out to be an activist against homosexuality, I had no qualms about stealing her body with a spell.
Swap Class Poll: This poll is to determine my class swaping order.
My sister brought this creepy marionette over to my apartment while she was visiting. I was iffy to let her bring it in, but she promised to take it home with her once she left. Only thing is that once she left, she didn’t take it home with her. I went to touch it and I blacked out. (Open RP)
Revealing a Huge Pair
(M4ApFB) You were straight, but you loved crossdressing and getting off using your ass~ Unfortunately, you were starting to get used to your favorite dildos, and you began to crave something... More~ You couldn't help but shudder at the dick, pulsating under your grip. Oh the things you did to cum~
We both decided to take X-Change pills. We'll, we got them from a shady guy and got 6 pills that were all a different colour.. (RP?)
Do you enjoy chubby short girls?
I loved teasing you in the office, you always had the hots for the receptionist. I followed her home and made sure that I could hop her ready for tomorrow. Of course I had to break her in, her neighbour did alright I wonder how you will do? She's definitely a good host (RP)
I bought a voodoo doll of myself and it felt so realistic but one day I couldn’t find the doll anymore, but I noticed my hair covering my face and my body changing to become more feminine, someone’s altering my doll into being more feminine and womanly
I was walking down the street when someone shot me with a swap gun I blacked out for a couple hours before I woke up in this college girls body (rp wanted looking for a gm)
What I'd thought was just a friendly tennis match resulted in me getting my body stolen by Sarah. Now I'm stuck in her sweaty and busty body unless I can win this next match. I better not lose, Sarah says if she wins this time she'll be taking my memories... (dm/rp)
“Trying our best rn lol!” My friends texted me from their new female bodies. We had taken international swap class and I was the only one who stayed male. They wouldn’t stop teasing me about it and how much I was missing out, but it was now time to get back at them and their desperate tomboy cunts.
My girlfriend accidentally turned me into a girl &amp; now i’m in her sorority since it changed reality too. She keeps telling me i’m her “little” and treating me like a regular girl. Its like she forgets who I really am. RP
I had decided to try one of those chat apps and got paired with this girl. She wanted to roleplay with me. Being inexperienced I actually used all my real info male, 25, Tyler ect. "why don't we make it more interesting" I read "what do yo..." I begin typing back when suddenly I was in her body.
It’s not cheating if there’s no penetration. My girlfriend was pissed when I got drunk and slept with her sister. It’s not my fault! She’s the hotter one! She didn’t see things my way and turned me into a girl as revenge. But now I’ve caught the guy of her brother, and the rest is history
your gf said she wanted to experience your pov so you agreed to swap. she's had other ideas since. you've been tied up for 10 mins and you can hear voices of multiple men.
your gf said she wanted to experience your pov so you agreed to swap. she's had other ideas since. you've been tied up for 10 mins and you can hear voices of multiple men.
[F4M] I wanted to change my life permanently, so I took that swap pill. I had to swallow it and make someone else swallow the second one. I had chosen this big strong man with a good life. I put the pill in his bottle. But the next morning. I woke up not in his body but in his wife's!
"Can you _please_ stop glaring at my ass?" I sighed. When I was injured in a pretty bad accident, my insurance covered a replacement body. Now I'm regretting the upgrading the "Life Replacement" package, because the only body available was this woman and now I have to take her place...
"Hey, just because your mom turned me into your wife doesn't mean we can't be best friends. We can still play video games and hoops. (RP)
I needed a promotion, so I took some X-change, put on my sister’s makeup and clothes, I want to my boss’ house and told him I was my girlfriend and that I would blow him if he gave me a promotion, he agreed and well here comes the hard part
Remote body swapping was a new service offered between swap clinics, once both clinics confirmed the paper work they'd be able to swap your body from anywhere in the world. I'd signed up before a family trip and the swap happened in the middle of a hike leaving me in lingerie while my family freaked
"Good!, I've took a selfie, I must quickly get out of my parent's room" after taking the X-change pill and becoming a woman my mother's age. I had to go to his room for clothes before I left the house! Hold on... I hear footsteps!
My name is Sandra, and today was the first day of my college’s swap class. Unlike most of the other people that signed up, I knew what I was getting into. The truth is that I wanted to give my feminine body away to a lucky guy. You see, I’m what everybody would call a “School slut.”
I was talking to my neighbor she was sick of her life so she asked if she could swap bodies with me. I agreed it's been two days and this I my outfit for me going out to the club tonight (rp wanted)
Would any older men like to take my body? Body swap or possession is ok! No limits, no rules! Just take my 20 year old body and use it however you want for whatever you want!
This is a picture of me (Kyle) and my buddy James right before our presentation for our joint dissertation on gender equality and gender roles in society. We’ve spent the last two years living as women. Ask us questions on our project. We’re more than happy to answer. (AMA/RP)
That Was Entertaining
What would your therapist say about your body swap kink?
I was tired of Spiderman consistently thwarting my Pimping business. But with my new special Raygun, he didn't stand a chance. As soon as he broke into my lair I zapped him. Now he's my most popular girl, and he's the one getting sprayed with webbing. (Rp)
like the way i ride ?
College Cutie Riding The Dildo
“What the fuck? This is a dream, right? I mean guys don’t just wake up with tits and vaginas!” When I woke up, I immediately knew something was wrong. I can’t go to class like this!! Hell, I can’t even leave my room like this for god’s sake! What do I do? (RP)
Nope that was your last chance you have to pick, detach your cock, make you unbearablely shy around females, or I make you get grossed out about this body. Oh no the bodysuit is for my fun of course I'm going to keep flirting with you, just because you took it too far doesn't meant we're done here.
"I passed the make up assignment! I'll be back to being a guy soon, promise!" I was doing so well at swap class, having almost no issues! That was until I heard the news... that my original body had died. The person in my body made a real fuck up... now I'm stuck like this!
My wife didn’t understand me, nor did she understand how my body works. I can’t help it that I want to fuck in the morning and at night. I’m horny, sue me. So, we went to a special couple’s therapy, and they gave us swap pills. Well, now she understands how horny I get, and now she’s more than eager
“Babe, what are you talking about? What do you mean, you’re Jenna?” She says in confusion. Some weird electrical thing swapped me with her boyfriend this morning, and now I’m trying to explain what happened. It’s a little hard to believe, though..
"Wow, kelly have a cute ass~ you were lucky with this woman, James." I told my friend as i appreciated his wife's body in the mirror
My marriage was in shambles, I kept arguing with my wife and she said she will file for a divorce. I wished we could be getting along again and the next day woke up with everyone remembering me as her daughter! (rp)
POV:”This is the look I give you after I won a bet and take your body for a spin, you’re nagging me about my own guy body” (DM/RP)
When dad came out as trans, I was supportive. Even when I figured out he was just using it as an excuse to wear my clothes, I didn't object. But then he had the surgeons copy my body. Then my face. Worst of all, mom still makes out with him! Gross!
"I was "drugged" with an X-change Plus, some vile and crazy maniac probably had something awful planed, I am so lucky I got away!" at least, that's what I tell my Transphobic family, in truth I bought the pill myself and am the happiest I've ever been!
Hot boobs with comic filter
I was the head cheerleader and most popular girl in school. Well except for some people who thought I was a total bitch. Jason was the leader of that group. So when I got randomly swapped with him for swap class, I figured I’d ruin his life. How do I look? (RP)
Your wish to become more attractive was granted, but not in the way you thought it would be! Which of these new bodies will you choose to inherit? (rp welcome!)
My best friend is a virgin, he can’t talk to women and is desperate to lose his virginity, when I wasn’t looking he slipped X-Change in my drink, he begged me to take his virginity, I reluctantly agreed but only on two conditions, I was dominant and he was the one with his legs up
(f4A) When I wake up I feel dizzy, my body feels different... On the floor a note "during years you have lived making fun of others thinking that you were better, so now enjoy your life like this. Do your worst
A woman was face-timing her spouse while she was on the plane when suddenly her eyes rolled backwards and she let out a moan, after that she pulled out her tits and started to play with them. Her spouse had no idea that she had been taken over by some creep who was turned into a slug. (RP)
My friend was making fun of me for wearing oversize shirts on my thin frame saying things like "Oh you must be hiding something." And honestly, being self concious got me fed up with him. So I decided to give him some oversized shirts, because now he had something to hide with them. (Rp)
Hey does anyone want to do a body swap rp on cartoon characters? just write to me and tell me your suggestions and wishes.
me and my friend has swapped bodies with our girls friends after he took the picture he looked nervous and suddenly ran off leaving me here with these two guys (rp wanted)
I was at a party this drunk chav girl was annoying everyone till she was kicked out as she left the door we suddenly swapped bodies worse part is I feel like I'm getting dumber (rp wanted)
My girlfriend got into a program to study abroad! She was so excited that I could never say no... even when she told me it was a swap exchange program. She'd be swapping with a student from overseas. I hope I like the new person who'd be living with me until the program is over...
"I was waiting for you to come home" she told me, slowly descending the stairs with an ominous smirk. "I've already discarded my clothes, seeing as they won't fit me anymore very soon. I urge you to do the same. You're going to get used to this sight soon enough." Who is she and wtf is she doing!?
Swap Class Week 2: I got swapped into Alanna! It is a smoking body! To bad I’m pregnant. Surprisingly my kinks seem to be being a hucow.
Bro, after my x-change knockoof left me like a tomboy permanently, you promised that those x-change pills would help me transition back to my male self but, so far... my hair keeps growing and my figure looks more femenine... what kind of pills are you using?
Bro, after my x-change knockoof left me like a tomboy permanently, you promised that those x-change pills would help me transition back to my male self but, so far... my hair keeps growing and my figure looks more femenine... what kind of pills are you using?
I couldn't believe it! All I did was put on this bandana and now I've got this bombshell body! Perfect for a week on a tropical beach!
Our collage had an experimental class, where they transformed us into the opposite gender for 3 months. At the end of the course, they offered us to either return to our old body, or to keep the new one. We both took the class, but you returned as yourself, while I didn't. Now we're graduating (RP)
After a body hopper took over the body of my brothers fiancé I decided to try and track her down, finding them at a coffee shop we decided to make a deal…(rp wanted)
your gf said she wanted to experience your pov so you agreed to swap. she's had other ideas since. you've been tied up for 10 mins and you can hear voices of multiple men.
My friend and I swapped body and both knew that sex would make it permanent change so we decided to just masturbate each other but it turns out we couldn't handle it and just decided to fuck each other without thinking of the consequences.
Beach Babe
I was the top servant in the castle for my kingdom, I was dutiful, polite and did my job excellently. So when the princess was kidnapped and turned into a creature, the king had to pick a replacement for her in secret. Turns out he has a court mage, and they used magic to turn me into the princess!
"Mmmph, my head is killing me. I drank so much I don't even remember last night," but it wasn't a hangover I was feeling, but a migraine. My mom thought she could scare me sober by swapping our bodies as punishment for my constant drunken escapades... (Roleplay?)
Was cursed and turned into a woman only way back was to make sure not to swallow any cum. Little did they know i liked it this way. Instantly called my friends and made sure I stay like this forever.
My Bully was becoming a real nuisance, and he stepped it up to physical violence recently. Luckily, I had a special power to prevent it. Not only his body morphed into a different person entirely, but he now thought that beating me up meant sexual actions! (Rp)
I'd been alive for a long time, as Vampires like me had eternal life. I'd grown bored of most of my victims but with the modern age came something called goth, and it seemed to match my style. So infusing abit of transformation into my bite, I turned this regular business man into a masterpiece (Rp)
Waking up after a swap party was never a fun time, usually you'd have a massive headache and next to no memory. This time was different, I didn't wake up in my own body, instead I woke up inside of my wife's boss who she invited over, And who's that asleep next to me?
Toxico. rad. duo secretes toxin which when touched, eats through the brain. With the host in a mindless stupor, the plant then frys all the nerves in the brain with toxin, sending waves of intense pleasure and hijacks the body. All biologists know this, but this ditzy green thumb didn’t read enough.
my crew were planning to do a heist on a bank they swapped me into a females body and told me to pretend to be a hostage just in case they need some extra hands (rp wanted)
I had wished I was rich thinking nothing I went to bed when I woke up I was the daughter of a multi millionaire I wonder what I should expect of my new life (rp wanted)
You were the nerd and I used to be your bully. You found leaked text of me cheating on my gf. You warned me that you’d leak it to her and I really didn’t want you to and you forced me to go though your machine turning me into a chick. “Fine you saw my tits, change me back.
Sophie Dalzell
Just do this 2 more times and I’ll promise I’ll change you back.
when the Teen titans were on a mission some new villain snuck up on them and managed to hit them with his soul scrambling device, leaving their bodies in disarray, Here I am, instead of being my normal half-robotic self I'm starfire!
First day of a three month vacation with my best friend and at breakfast I find my juice tastes off. “Dude what the hell was that?” I asked as my voice got higher and my body became more and more feminine until… am I a girl?! (RP)
Scientists had gave my the perfect vessel. I was dying, so these scientist guys made me a new body and out my vital organs in it. And she's sexy, but I need to meet my friends and family.. I don't think they'll like the change (Rp?)
Getting to possess creatures made beating browser's castles a breeze! I'd just gotten used to the rapid switching of bodies when I tossed my hat on this random woman in New donk city, but for some reason Cappy can't pull himself off her! now I'm stuck in this body! where's Luigi when you need him?!
You and I had found a reality altering spell that only I could read, and decided to use it on our class trip to a real estate brokerage. When I saw our guide I knew who to use it on. I repeated the spell and now everyone, except you and I, thinks she and I have always looked like each other. (RP)
John wished that Ella had a bigger chest. One day, she agreed with him on the condition they get it done at the swap clinic and he be the one to carry them for a month before swapping back. Well that was a year ago and Ella still enjoys John's larger chest as much as he does.
I asked you to go to the movies with me. But you was broke so you went to your sisters room to look for money. Somehow her clothes started flying at you forcing themselves on your body, as you watch in horror as your body changed to fit them. (Rp dm/chat)
my neighbor was the hottest girl ive seen, no wonder she is a model. so i was super ecstatic when i found these body swap spells. not only that, but her sister was in town, so of course i had to let my best friend also get in on it. we are now taking their modeling to a whole new level.
I found this really cool website that allows you to take over a family member's body while your body remains active as a copy. There was a lot of people I didn't recognize--it was kind of a harsh way to find out I'm adopted and an orphan. This girl's my real big sister, by the way. (RP)
Going to the exchange island festival was one of the best ideas I’ve ever had. I ended up in the body of a hot blonde and had met someone to have fun with. I don’t really want it to end (RP)
The Vacation I’ve been on has been great! Only problem is… I brought my stepdad with and he decided to buy a discounted body from the local “ChopShop” and well… now I have to merry him because his body isn’t a citizen of the US. So… there’s that… and just look at what he’s sending me! (RP)
Hmm, do you think I should swap bodies with her?
"Did you do this to me" I text my friend alongside a picture, i had woken up as my friend's crush. "And if you did, you're going to turn me back, right?" Luckily for me, the mental changes hadn't started.
The price to pay for my gains was being a man. I took growth hormones and supplements to help me buff up and gain muscle. But in return, in softened my pecs and shrank my cock until my crotch was hollow. I still will fight you and am strong, but I have to at least put on a sports bra first
“Hey babe. How was work?” I say to my girlfriend as I pick her up from work, trying to be cheerful. We were both at work when the Shift hit - I got left in one of the interns, while she got stuck as a nerdy guy from IT. Now that we’re back to work, we’re just trying to make a normal routine again.
My girlfriend told me she was bi. I was pissed and started making jokes about her being a lesbian, so she turned me into her perfect crush. And I hate this heavy ass! (Rp?)
Okay time to go back to school I hope people can't tell, a week ago me and my sister swapped body's after messing around with a old ring my mother had, we couldn't figure out how to swap back so for now we decided to pretend to be each other(RP)
This stalking slut queen stole my body! She was pissed my girlfriend wouldn’t dump me to fuck her, so she decided to take drastic measures. She used this weird necklace to turn me into her and vice versa. It’s cursed to make you speak as if you were always that person! I can’t explain shit to my gf!
Old Witch Steals Young Studs Body! (MXM)
I'm a cross-dresser and nothing gets me randoer than the thought of wearing my daughter-in-law clothes. So much so I even cut off all contact to let a surgeon to go to work on me, turning me into her. Now I can access their home, and more specifically her wardrobe, whenever she's away
your gf said she wanted to experience your pov so you agreed to swap. she's had other ideas since. you've been tied up for 10 mins and you can hear voices of multiple men.
Kriss Gets Crazy, Squirts And Quivers
My friend never understood my love of facial porn, so I wanted to make him understand the glory of it...in the first person...on his knees. When he went to bathroom to clean up he sent me this. He seemed rather proud about it all, not quite himself in the brain anymore. (Rp)
I was actually in the middle of fucking my girlfriend when the strangest thing happened--my hair grew longer and everything became smaller in an instant! My voice became weirdly hot, too--but my girlfriend didn't seem to have changed. What happened? (RP)
I told the witch that I wanted to be a powerful ruler I ancient history. She cast the spell and nothing happened. The next day I woke up in the body of this princess, dressed as she was... What would my roommate say when he saw me?
I sent my girlfriend a picture after our swap and she made me go out with her friends. "Don't worry babe, your body is in good hands." I have to admit, I'm loving the attention her friends are giving me when I told them about the swap. They haven't kept their hands off of me since. (open rp)
Your GF sends you a break up text saying that she's a lesbian now. Literally you, not even the forty-five minutes that takes you drive to the nearest drugstore and back. "No prob, sis. I gotchu, we can still be BFFs. Why don't you invite your friend Mayra over and we try some potter over wine?"
It was late at night, and I was a bit drunk, when I wished upon a star that I lived with a smoking hot bimbo babe. Imagine my roommate's surprise when they woke up and found that my wish had come true!
“Dude, quit staring at me, you’re making me blush” I’ve been a girl for a week, this is the first time I’ve left my house in girls clothes, is this shirt too revealing?
My brother has Acquisition Syndrome, he absorbs DNA from those he touches. I don't ask what he does on his business trips but he always comes home as a girl, begging me to give him an injection of male DNA before he can go home to his wife
I have Acquisition Syndrome - my skin absorbs DNA at a touch. Not that the security girl at Hanoi airport understand or cared about my condition as she patted me down. Now they've locked me in here for questioning, saying my passport photo doesn't match my appearance
You wake up and to your horror you are in Jane's body. The experiment was supposed to help you read the science teachers mind. Something went wrong. Your body went into a coma, and you are now waking up next to her husband. Her naked form in the mirror, husband waking up. "Morning Babe..." RP
"How about yourself?" I ask, gliding my hand over her butt. "Wouldn't YOU like to be the one having a boner for once?" I drop a coin on the ground and suddenly, she switches with my pet Maltipoo. This is what she sees, and though initially resistant, she cannot deny the allure of her own behind.
Fuck your Asian girl series
(MTF4M) I was cursed to change into a woman once the sun went down. And reverse when the sun comes up. Only you, my best friend knows about my curse. I’m over at your house and i had dinner with you. “Thank for being chill with me and not making this weirder than it is” i smile at you (rp
(M4A) You had gained the ability to possess other objects and people. Deciding to play a prank on your friend, you'd hop into his favorite sex toy~ You couldn't help but shudder as you felt your his hand pet the sex doll you had taken over. Maybe you could keep the act up just a little bit longer...
So. I’ve got a bit of a problem, My girlfriend recently went to the swap clinic and got a new body. But little did we know, this new body had some quirks that carried over to her. Now she won’t stop calling herself “Mommy” and… well… keeps sending me videos like this. (RP)
You received a panicked call from your daughter-in-law. She was saying some crazy things, like she was really your son and that his wife swapped their bodies... oh, and he was going into labor. What are you going to do?
So I just used the bathroom after doing my daily run when I took a notice of the new mirror--that just so happens to have this hot girl wearing a feminine version of my clothes in it instead of my reflection! When I made her pop out her tits, I didn't know that I was transformed beforehand.(RP)
The Day God pressed the randomizer button (RP)
I was complaining to a stranger how my boss doesn't respect or notice me and they said they could fix it. Next morning I woke up like this, in his bed! And I keep acting like his wife because I love it when he calls me a wonderful mother to his kids. I can't focus, I need to find a way to swap back.
A while back my best friend went missing. He was making some new body swap device and then disappeared after it malfunctioned. A few months later I’m going to a concert and I’m realizing it worked. It’s actually him!
During covid I got really into anime one of my favourites being naruto, I just loved everything about it but after I getting sick I was sent to hospital where I couldn't watch any, I only had one wish to be able to see naruto again, waking up I was no longer in the hospital anymore, where was I?(RP)
Adra’s dad was always a creep. So when she asked me if I could deal with him, I got ideas. It would be better for her if he stopped being a perv, but I could profit off of it. After some flirting he gave in, and would pay me $100 for every sexual favor. After an hour in her body I already have $1000
I made a wish to be an athlete and went to bed thinking nothing of it… but the next morning when I woke up my mom told me I had to get ready for tennis camp… and wait… do I have tits?! What’s going on?! (RP)
My boyfriend hates Jeff. Like, they do not get along at all. Which makes it even more awkward that I woke up this morning in the body of Jeff’s ditzy girlfriend Nikki. I’m just trying to make it through the day so I can text my boyfriend..
“I’m sorry, it’s just so funny.” My girlfriend says, smirking at me. I lost my body in a bet to my nerdy cousin, and my girlfriend think it’s hilarious. “Um, no, we can’t hang out tonight. I’m going out with the new Kyle!” She teases.
I can’t believe this, my wife was tired of me for a ton of reasons. She got in contact with a witch that promised to make everything better. This morning I woke up to find out everyone remembers me as my wife’s daughter (Rp open anytime )
I screwed around with a witches book in my local magic shop when I accidentally cast one of the spells, my head sharpened in pain as I looked back up, I was in a random bedroom, looking in the mirror, I saw myself “I’m a woman” what did that spell book do to me
Normally, after a swap party, everyone swaps back. That wasn't the case for me. I had swapped with Naomi and she went out drunk driving in my body. She crashed and was left comatose in my body. The government decided that even though I had her body, I would continue to live my own life. (RP/DM)
Pick a Valorant/CS gamer girl body for me!
When the Genie asked me to name my wish, I blurted out the wish I had on the back of my mind for years. After he disappeared, I concentrated to swap to the body of Margot Robbie. (RP open)
The goth girl at our school was starting to get tired of people staring at her. She decided enough was enough and the next person that stares at her would become her permanently. Unfortunately that person was me…. (RP)
In this alternate world, girls and men change genitals. Girls have the cocks and guys have pussies. You have a crush on me and i have a crush on you. You see me putting my things in my locker. What do you do? (Rp)
Hmm, should I swap bodies with her?
Hosting our own swap party was your idea, one that I’d only reluctantly agreed to. I found the whole thing overwhelming, so at some point in the night I decided to go outside for a break from the noise, taking a seat on the porch just in time to see… my own body running away? This isn’t good!
“Look at these tats” as I sent a mirror selfie showing to my friend. I knew this exchange student wasn’t all innocent.
I text my niece who’s in my body. “How do I look? Did I do an ok job with my makeup?” I couldn’t believe I was doing this. My niece was struggling in school and needed to do well on her final exams so she didn’t get kicked out. I agreed to help, but didn’t think I’d be her! (RP)
I cast an anti-aging spell on myself that I bought from a supposed witch. Nothing seemed to happen, but then I blinked and found myself in my son's girlfriend's body...
Okay, I knew I shouldn't have taken that knock-off x-change! I took it maybe a week ago expecting to be normal by the next day but something went wrong, I kind of look like me again but I'm still a girl!
Scott, Matt, Josh, and Eric were always looking for new ways to have fun. When they heard about a swap remote, they swapped with Ashley, Molly, Jenna, and Kendall down the hall. Matt, now Molly blushes. “Umm… does anyone else have a vibrator inside them?” (RP)
At a party I felt really sick, someone put something in my drink, as I was breathing hard and my head pounding in pain I could feel my body changing, my chest expanding and my crotch sinking into me, an hour later I walked out the restroom and everyone was in shock “what happened, what’s wrong?”
It first I was pissed when my friend revealed he was a hopper by taking over my girlfriend's body... but I love his new choice of wardrobe for her so much that I think I'll let him stay a while.
My son was embezzling company money, and needed a secretary he could trust. Blood is thicker than water, so I offered myself, and he used a good chunk of dirty money to have me turned into this. All I gotta do is look pretty, shred paperwork and 'keep my damn mouth shut', and he'll fund the reversal
It was my husband’s important sitdown with his investors, in a few minutes they’d be in my living room. I wanted to help, so I hopped my daughter (his stepdaughter), and decided I’ll be the best little drinks girl! I had time for a naughty little tiktok to get myself in the mood before they arrived…
"Is this outfit ok?" You sent another text to your sister. Somehow you had woken up a pregnant girl. None of your mom's clothes or sisters fit you. So after a week you needed to find clothes. "No...Find a better bra...maybe a dress. Something to show off the girls and your bump!" (RP)
This is so embarrassing! Everyone knows I got the gender virus and turned into a girl, and now everyone in my university knows that I sucked my friends dick because he sent everyone this video , no one needed to see me with cum on my face and they didn’t need to see me kiss his tip
I had been with my girlfriend for a few weeks but today she grabbed me and opened her body up trapping me inside. she seemed shocked before apologizing I heard her voice in my head explaining she a parasite that forced others to wear them slowly overriding the world to make it seem normal. (dm 2 rp)
The women you possessed is trying to take back her body.
Those damn scientists did this to me. They kidnapped me, strapped me down, and pointed their machine at me that made me look like this. Now they’ve locked me in a room, where they watch me suffer through two way glass as they mess with a vibrator they stuffed inside of me
“Oh my god, the pink chocker worked, it turned you into a big titty girl” I found this pink choker at a store and it turns men into busty women, I decided to use it on my roommate, apparently he’s supposed to be obedient, what should I get him to do?
I had always felt restricted as "batman" I so I swapped bodies with catwoman. I do feel kind of bad, guess I should text her with some pics. but then again no one has seen my old body for days now. (rp wanted)
"Really? Amber? She's your crush? Isn't she... kind of basic?" My sister just came out as a lesbian, but just to me. I asked if there was anything I could do to help. Little did I know she already had a plan, she hacked the Swap Class roster and swapped me with her crush for the semester... (RP?)
When my boss approached me at work I assumed I was fired but he pushed a drink towards me and said if I took over for his wife, I wouldn’t need to worry about my job anymore, I gulped as I drunk it awaking inside a new house along with my boss ontop of me “welcome to your new body Tammy” (Rp/DM/AMA)
Swap Class Poll: soon I will have to say goodbye to Stormie’s body. I has been fun, but it’s time to find out who I will be next week!
Your not sure how but your friends would take pills that turned you into your female self and go out. You were nervous at first but it quickly became the best part of your week.Tonight you wore your hottest outfit. You had a bad week at work and you were looking for a man to fuck away your stress!
I was my bosses favorite employee, so when his daughter told him she'd never ever work at the family company, he was devastated... and asked me to swap with her! It's been a few weeks, and todays my first day on the job... I think I got this! The job, at least... being a chick is rough.
When I swapped bodies with Amy Adams I was excited, not only was I sexy. I was a famous sexy woman. I smiled as I looked at my reflection, “Fuck I’m hot.” I said as I sent my best friend a video of the new me.
Wait for the explosion
Me and my best friend always send videos to each other of naked girls, today I sent him this video with the caption “dude guess what, that’s me”
should i wear this
"This is how the lingerie looks on me." You wanted me to show this to you before you would free me from the choker and the transformation it inflicted on me. "Can you now please take this thing off me?" (RP in DMs, 21+ only).
This girl at the gym confronted me about checking her out but I told her when she's wearing that skimpy sports bra and leggings she asking to be checked out, well she definitely didn't agree with me and some how swapped out body's and now she's forcing me to go work out in the gym in this outfit
6 months after my wife and I swapped bodies, I caught her crying in the mirror, in full makeup, trying on her old outfits. She clearly missed womanhood, so we compromised. My ex agreed to swap with her. My wife arrived, excited to explore my ex’s body, though I was already very familiar with it.
Alexa was taking a shower when suddenly the entire world went black for her. She woke up hours later sore as hell, and very confused. Checking her phone, she would find something horrifying - a video of her masturbating in the shower was all over the internet! What happened?!
It was your birthday and you asked for a hooker to lose your virginity. As your mom I couldn't risk you getting an STD. So I asked you to pick from these two girls, telling you they were high class prostitutes. Little did you know I would possess your choice
I decided that I wanted to surprise my baby brother for his 18th birthday and switched bodies with his crush and rub against his morning boner
After having lost my job and burned through my savings there was nothing left but to live on the streets Spending days begging and nights under a bridge is not exactly a cosy life. That however changed when this girl crossed my path. As a social experiment she wanted to switch with me! Absolutely!
My wife and I had hired Tracy as a babysitter, she seemed so nice until she STOLE my body! Now I can only see my family a few times a week as their babysitter and when I do, Tracy exchanges more of our memories! We've exchanged so much I'm even starting to feel attracted to my old body...(RP/DM)
Body Swap movies were always awkward. You wanted to experience it more than anything. So Freaky Friday viewing with your friend Jess was no different. " You ever wish you could try being a girl?" She whispers. "Yes" you mumble. A moment later you're in a bedroom... Jess' sister in the mirror.
Swap Class update! Friday night was so fun as a girl! I can’t wait to see who wants me tonight at the bar!
I wished I had an hourglass. Who knew I would get an hourglass figure.
“Ron, what the bloody hell have you done, I’m a girl, a w-witch” Ron tests out a spell on Harry which accidentally turns him into a girl (down to RP)
Don't know if this can be posted but I'll try
Reality Remote (rp)
You wished that you could have the perfect life. Everything went blurry for a minute and you feel a cool breeze on your legs and up your skirt. Skirt? That can’t be right. But it is. Your perfect life is as a girl. You hear a knock on the door behind you. (RP)
After my friend disappeared for a month I went to his house and found a giant cocoon in his room! Even more shockingly a beautiful older woman emerged and said she was him! Apparently he’s an alien and this a normal part of his people’s lifecycle. WTF?!
After my girlfriend cheated on me I vowed to get revenge. All it took was a nice bodysuit and her dad was putty in my hands. But recently I’ve come to feel genuine love for him. Would it be crazy to let the suit merge with me and become my ex’s new stepmom?
My sister (right) apparently developed our family's magical gift. When she got it she didn't hold back. After years of teasing her for being the little sister, she got revenge by turning me into HER little sister. She claimed she'd change me back if I did everything she said for a week...
[F4M] I’m the test subject of a brand new experiment! Scientists have invented a microchip that, using some kinds nerve technology, can control people’s bodies, virtually allowing them to be possessed. Meanwhile, you’re the tester who’s going to be controlling me. Uh oh...
The Great Shift passed through my city. I swapped with my neighbor who lives in the apartment next to me. I found a mirror to look at my new body. I run my hands over my body giving my boobs a squeezing then slapping my firm ass. I then heard the door to her apartment open. RP
I have a big problem,my mom went to my sister's graduation,so I grabbed all my sister's clothes and went to the bathroom to put them on,when I tried to put her panties on,I fell down and passed out,when I woke up I realized that my body was now that of a woman and my parents are already in my house🥲
Well, I’ve been a girl now for 4 days and I can confidently say my boobs are the best part, I love they jiggle when I move
Well, I’ve been a girl now for 4 days and I can confidently say my boobs are the best part, I love they jiggle when I move
April 28 was my birthday,my parents couldn't come,so my parents told me that the next day the birthday present I always wanted would arrive,I was waiting for a phone but the next day my dream of being a busty woman came true,I sent a video to my parents grateful for the gift that I alway wanted 🥰❤️
coach booked the team for this new experimental tank that once inside is supposed to alter your physique in a ways that well in our case would make us better at football, once all of the team stepped out most of them were a few inches taller and their muscles seemed to have grown except for us three
You used a magic spell to become more attractive. Maybe you should’ve been more careful with your wording, because you took over the body of your bully’s girlfriend! How will you make the most of your perfect new form?
(M4ApFB/TF) You couldn't help but smirk at your best friend's reaction as you pulled your dick back and squished your thighs together, completely hiding your bulge~ Who would've thought the school nerd would look so gorgeous with a pair of fake tits, some makeup, and a set of well fitting clothes?
i had just put a hooker in our holding cell she started smiling at me and suddenly our bodies swapped I was in shock as I sit down on the bench (rp wanted)
Months ago I caught the dreaded Werewoman Virus, after every full moon I would transform in to a beautiful Red head, the following morning I would always transform back, in till today, I woke up this morning and im still a woman ,my nipples feel so good when I play with them. Shit I must of got laid
I have became a lady of the night.. not exactly. I was bitten by a vampire and turned into one! But the catch was the price of my appearance transforming into an offspring of the one who tuned me. The only way to change back is to find a cure! (Rp)
“..hunny just calm down okay it’s not that bad okay we can fix this, it could of worse right hehe..” I’ve only gone and fallen into my sons body whilst I was astral projecting causing his soul to vacate into the nearest empty vessel which was my own, I’m such a klutz sometimes I swear.
"Like, what just happened?". "Let's just say that we have had enough of your failures, Tony. Now we have a different kind of job for you." My boss said, after he transformed me into a woman, after I messed up the last heist.
I had so many debts with my school so I decided to runaway, that's when I found this girl, drunk and alone in the street. That's when I decided to swap our bodies, I only remember waking up in my room looking like this! I think I'm going to enjoy my new life...
The FDA kept profiling me crossing the border, so I kidnapped an American girl on holiday and took her body. Now I breeze through customs, and these massive fake tits I gave her can smuggle liters of liquidised product
April’s Contest Winner and May’s Contest ⭐️
It’s been a nightmare living as a girl! None of my sisters damn bras fit me, there tight on my new … you know, I wish I never made fun of that witch
So I’m the President of my class at my university, and most people respect me. However, this one new freshman girl thought she was hot shit, so I used a possession device from the Research department to take her down a peg! She’s still fully aware - which I like! It’s what she deserves! (RP)
"You have to cum in me before the swap wears off!" I had the great idea of swapping bodies with a sexy cosplayer, and having you cum-lock me in the body so it would be mine forever. But I think you're making the most out of this experience...
Mattie was at a cosplay convention, but she had a stalker. When she escaped from him, she felt a little dizzy and suddenly woke up inside a bathroom, but not in her body, she looked all over the place with no luck. Meanwhile the stalker in her body was helping out a friend to not be a virgin anymore
“Hey man, I’m going to the gym in a bit. Can you mix me up another one of those protein shakes you’ve been making me? They’re so good.” I say, my body has a changed a lot since I’ve been frequenting the gym, but I didn’t notice how feminine it had become. (RP)
my friend invited me to a costume party I didn't bother dressing up I guess that made him mad he casted a spell making me a female with a costume telling me I will be entertaining all his friends tonight (rp wanted
In hindsight, you should not be surprised. Finding a one-shot wish spell for your pregnant wife was a winning move for her birthday. But of course she wished for a break. So now your sitting in her swollen pregnant body trying to get ready for the day. She smiles down at you..." Thank you hun!" RP
Broken up with. Fired. Your car totaled. You just wanted to start over. Hit the cosmic reset button. You prayed that night in church for life to be different. As you open your eyes, they certainly are. You stand in a huge bathroom...strange reflection before you and pregnancy test on the counter. RP
I needed a little bit of money and my friend told me about some website where you can rent your body out for a little while and get paid… and after a job search going very wrong I bit the bullet and signed up for it… I hope everything goes alright. (RP)
A Milf Takeover (M Possessed By F)
I get a Snapchat from the president of the most popular sorority on campus. It’s a nude photo with the caption “I need to feel you inside me.” I immediately text back “of course. Where are you?” Next thing I know, I’m in her body with no control and the star QB is in the room with his cock out. (RP)
My mommy has always wanted a daughter, so she turned me, her failure of a son, into one! Honestly… I’m kinda loving it so far, I love my thick new body and I especially love the looks I get. Mommy still has to teach me how to act and behave like a woman though… (rp wanted)
[DM4RP] Our university staged a "swap" trip to Japan where those who enlisted would be randomly selected a body to swap with for the duration of the trip. I got a woman who works out a lot, and.. Let's just say I'm a bit embarrassed for our group to go to the pool today.
I was your average kid at summer camp before I got swapped into the sexiest female counsler at the camp! My new body is awesome! (Rp wanted)
I have a kink of swapping bodies with guys and then jerk off to them in my body. I got ready and went to the mall car park, I was definitely going to find someone. I found a guy and he agreed so I invited him into my car. We swapped and he was already hard! God he makes me look hot…(RP Wanted)
My mom looks at me in amazement as I let shake my new tits. oh i will enjoy this! (rp in dm)
You asked for a hooker to lose your virginity, for your birthday. As your mom, I couldn't risk you getting an STD. I showed you this picture and asked you to pick your favourite, telling you theu were high class prostitutes. Little did you know I would possess your choice.
After an accident caused everyone in our dorm building to swap bodies, I ended up as Casey, a thotty girl notorious for her huge ass. You ended up in the body of her boyfriend and I could really feel my new body reacting to yours... How about we have some fun together while this lasts? (DM/RP)
"This is what we get for not reading the fine print". Me and one of my girlfriends went to a spa whose tagine was "Makes you look and feel 20 years younger". Now I was older and thought that sounded lovely. I didn't know that I'd leave 20 years younger too. I hope my daughter doesn't freak. (DM)
Hey, if your parents ever get a babysitter for your siblings, don't piss them off. My parents got a babysitter for my younger siblings even though I'm 19 and I can look after them. So I was messing with this chick, trying to make her fall for me. Well, I turned into her and my dad's being weird (Rp)
You and I had swapped bodies with my girlfriend and her friend. I swapped with my girlfriend (left) and decided to go shopping. When we got there, we went to the bathroom and took these pictures. I sent these to my GF and she replied saying she needs help, I think we need to head home…(RP Wanted)
You and I had swapped bodies with my girlfriend and her friend. I swapped with my girlfriend (left) and decided to go shopping. When we got there, we went to the bathroom and took these pictures. I sent these to my GF and she replied saying she needs help, I think we need to head home…(RP Wanted)
PROMPT: Sister-In-Law WHAT'S THE STORY!? I am gonna give an image and a prompt. You tell me the Role-play Scenario. I will then pick my favorites and play them with you!
"You want proof that Ashley swapped our bodies Rob! Well look at these! You know that Ashley would never give you the time of day, well look at her boobs now! How soft and full they are. You believe me now!? Now how are we gonna get my body back!?" Ashley was your friends long term girlfriend... RP
Your friend James climbs off top of you." I love you so much babe. I cannot wait to start our family. Your gonna be such a good mommy." You had wished to be closer to James. The Genie instead swapped you into his wife. His pregnant wife. During sex. What are you going to do next?
Magic has other plans continuation
My next door neighbor was getting more and more of the bimbo body, and the was honestly having a little crush on her, she invited me over and that’s when I lost consciousness, I woke up in the middle of the night and I felt my ass lifting me up, I was in my neighbors body
I had just arrested this hooker as I was shoving her in the holding cell she smiled at me before suddenly our bodies switch. I look at my old body as they walk off laughing (rp wanted)
Last night I decided to go to the Casino to try my luck it started good I won a few hands in blackjack and I got greedy I ended up losing just about all of my money. someone buys a drink at the bar the next morning when I wake up this is me now
(M4TM) We’ve been roommates for about 2 years now. You and i are really good friends but you have gotten feelings for me. So, you wanted to tell me your little secrete. I was on the couch watching tv. Not knowing what will happen. (Rp
PROMPT: Accident @ The Wedding / WHAT'S THE STORY!? I am gonna give an image and a prompt. You tell me the Role-play Scenario. I will then pick my favorites and play them with you!
Their marriage had been going through a rough spot so my gf's dad used a device to swap me into his wife's body! He then used the device to change my mind to fit my new milfy body, I want to be mad but it just feels too good, and he's starting to look really attractive to me now... (DM/RP)
I need a good bud to become a girl for me and love the way I fuck you and love you. romantic and long term. kik wereartthou
Everyone in our friend group had the biggest crush on your bitchy step-sister. So when we got paired up for swap class I couldn’t of been happier, I wonder how I should tell you the news? (RP open)
I accidentally angered a witch and now as a punishment she’s transformed me into this thick Asian girl, she said she’s going to teach me how to be a woman and slowly change my mentality… (rp wanted)
I have a condition - my skin absorbs DNA on physical contact. The exchange student, Hana, found out about it, and decided to turn me into her. Help! The more she touches me, the more I become her twin!
When money begins to run low, people become desperate. I had heard tales from my friends… they had made bank donating plasma, so I decided to do the same. However, I mixed up the forms, instead signing up for a possession experiment! Now some pervert is in control of my body!! Help! (RP)
"I passed the make up assignment! I'll be back to being a guy soon, promise!" I was doing so well at swap class, having almost no issues! That was until I heard the news... that my original body had died. The person in my body made a real fuck up... now I'm stuck like this!
You were jerking off in the bathroom when a reality wave hit just as you were cumming. Suddenly, your legs felt weak and you were heating these hot moans as your cum looked oddly transparent and squirted from a pussy--looking at the mirror, it kinda looked like you're a woman now...(RP)
Your buddy went on vacation with his girlfriend. You wished you could go but you knew you couldnt. Suddenly you swapped with his girlfriend! You don’t know why but your not complaining! You decided to keep it a secret. You were having fun drinking wine during the day and riding your friend at night!
Couldn’t help but have a little fashion show after possessing a tenet in the apartment complex I live in…I had developed the ability to body hop and Natalie was the first one I decided to hop into(RP)
I woke up after my strange dream, I had met a woman claiming to be a goddess of change. She said she'd give me the power to change anyone and anything, if I became her avatar. I jokingly agreed, thinking it was just a dream. But as I came to I realized how wrong I was... maybe I need to test this
I had found myself in and out of sleep all night, dreaming I was kidnapped by some alien creatures that begun to mess with my DNA in all types of experiments. After being bugs, animals, and other things they tried to fix me but forgot my base form. In a panic they left me like this! It was real?!
“..hunny just calm down okay it’s not that bad okay we can fix this, it could of been worse right hehe..” I’ve only gone and fallen into my sons body whilst I was astral projecting causing his soul to vacate into the nearest empty vessel which was my own, I’m such a klutz sometimes I swear.
My BF hasn’t been able to get it up, leaving me horny and frustrated. He looked disappointed, so I gently stroked it, and passionately kissed him. Suddenly, we swapped bodies. He smiled up at me and continued stroking. In his tiny hand, my erection looked massive. We fucked, and I finished quickly!
I had been a prudish honors student but because I talked down to you, you decided to use a magic remote to change my body and mind until I was your perfect little girlfriend. Now I'm a bad girl who can't think about anything but doing naughty things with you all the time... (DM/RP)
You were the rich mean girl in college and I was the quiet shy kid. You would pick on me and I was sick of it. Until one day we bumped into each other and the next day we were in each others bodies! One day I sent you this video of me in your pool… and you replied with a dick pic…(RP Wanted)
I was going for a run when I saw this thot I couldn't help but stare at her all exposed suddenly I was in her body and It was like I never existed in the first place (rp wanted)
My girlfriend was super horny tonight, and she asked me if she could watch me jerk off. At first I thought she wanted to watch jerk myself off normally, but what she actually wanted was to watch me finger bang myself in her body. I had no idea that she could squirt this much!
My sister was jealous that I got to be the star on the varsity basketball team, she had to give up basketball after puberty cause she only grew to 5'1 and her new assets didnt help her play, though after the great shift swapped us she's living her dream and I'm still popular with the basketball team
I roomed with this random girl this year and she was unbelievably attractive! When I was offered a magical possession app I couldn’t help but shutter at the thought I being able to be her…(rp open)
I have a kink of swapping bodies with guys and then jerk off to them in my body. I got ready and went to the mall car park, I was definitely going to find someone. I found a guy and he agreed so I invited him into my car. We swapped and he was already hard! God he makes me look hot…(RP Wanted)
I was sleeping in my bunk when it suddenly started to move frantically, sister sleeps upside so I checked on her to find her completly naked and humping her pillow. Some days later I found out that some event called great shift put our pervert neighbor inside my sister's body, I feel disgusted.
for swap class I swapped with the goth chick it's been exiting living my new life with no one knowing I swapped with her (rp wanted)
you might have picked the wrong time to switch with your sister who was on her spring break.
Me and my friend were being very rude this woman and her girlfriend. Calling them homophobic slurs and just bullying them. Turns out that they were witches and they put me and him into a relationship. We both work at subway and there are these guys who like to watch us kiss.. (Rp?)
I asked you to go to the movies with me. But you was broke so you went to your sisters room to look for money. Somehow her clothes started flying at you forcing themselves on your body, as you watch in horror as your body changed to fit them. (Rp dm/chat)
"Look at you hun! You are beautiful! Why did I swap our genders? Sweetie you missed Mother's Day? Yeah, I was so excited. But you kinda suck as a dad and husband. So lets try you as a wife and mom. Now let me show you how good that body can feel. Hopefully you dont get stuck for 9 months! (RP)
Last night, I went to bed male, white, single and not pregnant. That’s not how I woke up. And my former roommate is my new husband. I’ve been playing it cool but I’m going to confront him to see if he knows what the hell is going on…
A load of contaminated milk had hit the market before anyone realised. I’d finished mine, and it made me a chick! I hope my roommate doesn’t drink it.. oh. Looks like it’s too late. (RP)
I was a retired War Bard. I was among the heroes who defeated the Devil King and brought peace to the lands. But that was years ago and it seems that my old adversary has returned, wearing a new body. What’s surprising, is that he isn’t here to fight, he is here…to apologize ? (MxM romance RP)
NOT US SILLY - we needed more stuff so we decided to fuck our dealers for more. When u said we shouldnt we said dont worry we wont
I accidentally angered a witch and now as a punishment she’s transformed me into this thick Asian girl, she said she’s going to teach me how to be a woman and slowly change my mentality… (rp wanted)
This girl’s hike went off by the wayside after I, a body hopper, decided she’d be my next body…the girl who swapped into my old body wasn’t too happy about it though
When dad wished at the wishing well for a hot girlfriend neither of us expected it to turn me, his own son into such a woman! Now he’s panicking and rushing me to a doctor, but honestly I feel great! I just wish he’s calm down and take in the new me.
"Oh yeah, take him out." You were shocked! Your girlfriend had been kidnapped by the mafia, and suddenly had become the LEADER of the mob?! She had a weird new tattoo on her arm too. I wonder how long it would take you to realize that I, the mob boss, used the tattoo as a magic spell to become her!
After my sister took some pictures of me I smiled and went to my room, putting my body up for possession so I could afford a vacation later… let’s hope whoever rents me is rich! (RP)
Tell me about your life after the great shift. Me? Well I'm a successful TV host who sits also married to the love of my life.
Pm me if you are good with captions and I’ll feed you pics :)
Asian beauty
Erin had a string of bad dates and asked her brother Nick to take her place for the next one. Nick expected this to go bad, but the guy seriously wine and dined him, ordering some expensive food. After a couple of margaritas in him, Nick was willing to show this guy some gratitude.
I went home with a girl and she handed me a book to read. As I was reading she was talking about liking girls but having no luck so she brought guys home. I didn't hear the rest because the book caught my attention, but when I was done I didn't notice the change. "Why are you staring at me" (DM)
My son was struggling at school. To help him with his science project I possessed his project partner so I could help raise his grade. Only by becoming a girl his age I didn’t realise I’ll also had to wear skirts to school and deal with her emotions and hormones. I think she has a crush on my son…
We were at a festival when some girl asked me to take a pill with her. I did without thinking and suddenly I was her! She ran off with my body and now i’m stuck like this! (RP always open)
We were cleaning out the attic of your new home, sorting through the junk the previous owners left behind, when we found a genie’s lamp. He offered each of us one wish. You asked for a wife who would love you forever. I asked for a big and happy family. We should have been more specific. (RP)
Brooke was my dream girl to swap with. She was young, cool, and pretty. When she asked if I wanted to swap, I was ecstatic. But it turned out she was just wanting to get far away from her life. And now I’m stuck with it. What was so bad about this life? That is up to you to decide
My wife was insecure about her looks. She was petite and average looking, at least until I started convincing her to go to the Swap Clinic , slowly turning her into a thigh-thighed milf. However, when she realized what I was doing she bribed the Swap Clinic to swap us...
POV
hope I look cute enough to impress your parents we made a bet and the loser had to take a xpill and become the other’s girlfriend for a full week I lost now we are visiting your parents for a week and I have to play a perfect girlfriend role for you I had no idea pretending to be a girl was so fun
I moved across the country by myself three years ago and told my family I needed to start a new life. Shortly after getting there, I found this awesome girl who was willing to swap bodies with me. My sister (right) is in town for work, so I nervously agreed to have dinner with her. (RP)
The shy girl and I were hooking up. We were doing it 3 times a week. One day when I went over we swapped bodies. I was shocked. She was almost about to cry, I sent her to the bathroom. She was hot asf so I sat in front of the mirror to take pics for later, shit she’s got no bra on…(RP Wanted)
I couldn't believe I actually found a hopper. I ran over and begged and pleaded with him to swap me with my bully, pointing him out so he knew. Hoping I wouldn't get picked on anymore but instead he swapped me into this chick, "what the hell!?" I ask dropping the ball.
My friend was constantly humiliated by this girl in college. I could see it was starting to take a toll on him. Instead of telling her to stop, I forced my spirit into her body. I confronted him as her the next day and shoved him into an empty room. Let’s just say it was her turn for humiliation.
"Report me? if you do that, I will upload all the videos that I sent to you on the internet" Emily's teacher said. Due to an uneven number, Emily swapped bodies with her teacher on swap class and all he went horny on her body and sent many videos to her about it. It was going to be a long semester.
If you swapped with someone how would you act/expect them to act?
(M4TF) "Fuck dude, you're the best~" Your roommate would tease as he used your throat like it was a fleshlight~ It's been months since you've transitioned, and your best friend's birthday was right around the corner. You were only into women, but hey, a birthday blowjob for your bro couldn't hurt~
(M4AtF) You were once a powerful, masculine demon with hordes of minions under your every command... Until a human summoned you to the mortal realm and sold his soul in order to turn you into his "goth, subby, sextoy gf"~ Now you're designed for breeding and manhanding~ (ALL CHARACTERS MUST BE 18+)
Me and my step sister got gender swapped by our parents to make us closer, life’s been hard as the opposite gender, especially for my step sister as she couldn’t control her hormones , one time I had to help her while we were eating in front of our parents
No matter how much you try you’ll never become a man again
I wanna swap into my sister so I could go around town jerking off all the boys with big dicks with my huge tits
Usually when my sister has a girls night I hide in my room not wanting to get involved. However tonight my sister (right) and Jess(center) knocked on my door and revealed a skinsuit, red dress and if I agree to come they'd pay for all my drinks. Not one to turn down free drinks I agreed. (DM to RP)
Don't forget to brush your teeth properly
I’ve never been good at tests, so my teacher said if I did him a favor I could swap with the smartest girl in class and she’d take the test for me. I just didn’t think I’d be doing this…
"It's so weird getting dressed now, knowing this isn't for an assignment it's just... life." I was taking swap class pretty well, doing fantastic in my classmate Rebecca's body... but then the swap machine crashed and broke. Now I'm stuck as Becca... but I'm doing really well!
I can’t believe this, my wife was done with me for many reasons. She got in contact with a witch that promised to make everything better. This morning I woke up to find out everyone remembers me as my wife’s daughter (Rp dm/chat)
i had been begging this girl to send me nudes finally she sent me a pic as I open it up it suddenly switches our bodies (rp wanted)
Desperate for a body swap rp right now- send a chat or comment
"Hey, so I put that costume you sent over on... but why do I look like your ex girlfriend? And how do I take this thing off? The zipper disappeared and I need to get this off before my girlfriend gets here...,"
Being a single father was hard enough, but things got a bit more complicated when my son started spiking my food and drink with X-change pills
My Boss was sick of me talking my ass off during work so he found a way to shut me up, he slipped an Xchange permanent in my morning coffee then called me to his office, standing in front of him as a curvy woman he pushes me to my knees, forces me to suck his cock so I wouldn’t have time to talk
Looking for someone to do a shapeshift rp with idm if its bi f2m m2f etc
What do you think?
"Well this costume certainly isn't what I remember her wearing, but I guess it's what she's used to!" it was astounding, years after graduating your mentor, All Might, was back! albeit it was inside the body of your former classmates Tsuyu. "You've gotten so big young Midoriya!"
Faceapp pics allowed here? here's me
life as a body thief was exciting. you never stayed in one place (or body) too long. you found swapping with one night stands and leaving them clueless was the most fun. you’re now inside emily, while you left her in whatever man body you met her in the night prior! RP
Thats what you see when Im on you
Eat my ass or 7 years bad luck
I felt like I was drifting further from my daughter so I bought swap pills and invited her and her friend over. I planned on putting the pills in her friends drink. Everything was good until my daughter excused herself and suddenly I was in her body. Although I will say her body is hot. (DM)
You asked for a hooker to lose your virginity, for your birthday. As your mom, I couldn't risk you getting an STD. I showed you this picture and asked you to pick your favourite, telling you theu were high class prostitutes. Little did you know I would possess your choice.
What usually happens when my friends ask me if i'm still up
Being diagnosed with second puberty made me believe my life was over. However little by little i think I'm starting to realize it brought me a lot of perks, like turning out this sexy has definitely gave me a lot of self-esteem.
It's a one-man party of 3! I've managed to split my soul into these 3 girls in an attempt for me to earn money with their bodies--for myself. What do you mean this is theft with extra steps? I'm the one doing all the work here!
Brooke was my dream girl to swap with. She was young, cool, and pretty. When she asked if I wanted to swap, I was ecstatic. But it turned out she was just wanting to get far away from her life. And now I'm stuck with it. What was so bad about this life? That is up to you to decide
plug or no plug
Looking for long term chatter(?!). I dont really do well with RPs but prefer a deeper discussion than most people want to get into.
“what do you think? i clean up nice, don’t i?” i had stolen your girlfriends body so that i could join you on your trip, really angering you. clearly you couldn’t do much about it, and now we’re going on a fancy dinner date on the beach! i’m so excited!! RP
Swap Class Update: Ready for the weekend!!! Who wants to party? Cant wait for my new body on Monday!
Coming back from the gym, oops WTF
It’s been a week since I swapped bodies with this girl that lives in my building…It’s been an interesting but awesome change, I’m so thin! And so busty!
I'd seen people killing fairies for their bodies and magic, and I decided, why settle for that? why not go for something larger? why not an angel? well turns out there's a good reason not to, they're practically powerless and bound as a guardian to some human!
I made a bet with my sister that I could make her look hotter than she ever could. We had to swap bodies but we couldn’t leave the house. She didn’t believe I could do it because I was 100% straight but I watched tutorials to help. Once I was finished, I made this tiktok and sent it her…(RP Wanted)
'I'm sorry to say your grandfather is dying of a broken heart. We've performed an emergency transfer to a donor body, a young woman who generous gave herself to the hospital, but unless you can somehow take his mind off his late wife, this one will succumb as well.'
My girlfriend caught me cheating on her. She switched our bodies as punishment, but too bad she didn’t think this plan through. Now I’m in the body of my now ex-girlfriend. She doesn’t even know how to swap us back. She could only watch me ruin her old life, while I live my new one to the fullest.
Listen, I am warning you. Do NOT contact the Reddit user known as Wheqlo. After chatting and upsetting them, they turned me into this. I don't even want to share what I look like right now, but they do, and I need to stay on their good side...
me and my girlfriend always swap bodies for fun she will pick out my outfit then we go out to town. I just have one rule we can't have sex I don't want her cumming in me and making it permanent. we decided to go out to Vegas this weekend (rp wanted)
All of the bandages finally came off your new female body this morning. You’re glad to participate in your college’s “in her shoes” full scholarship!
Classic TikTok
Francine was your standard college nerd. She never took any risks, but she was okay with that. Unfortunately, a curious body hopper saw her walking home one day. Once he took control, Francine was a passenger in her own body, forced to watch her new host’s every move. She was taking more risks now.
"This is such a joke." I sigh as I pressed a dainty finger into my softer cheek as I climbed into my borrowed car. I swapped one of the more spoiled girly girls for SwapClass and not even an hour in I was dreading to see how she'd handle being a dude, being ME! Shes going to ruin my life!
Long story short, my buddy and I ran afoul of a witch. She got mad and turned me into this pregnant honey you see before you. Why am I smiling? Well, after carrying his ass around for almost 40 weeks, I get to seen my buddy again. I hope he remembers me. (Rp)
My phone buzzes. It’s a picture of my body - well, my former body, currently occupied by my high school bully. “Out with your hubby! Don’t worry, he doesn’t suspect a thing!” I still don’t even know how she swapped us - I never should have attended my reunion…
My "childfree" daughter-in-law swapped with me, saying that "if I wanted grandchildren so damn much I could carry them myself". I called her bluff. Three years and three kids later, I'm loving life as a fertile breeder for my stud, while she's stuck in my aging body
I tried to bodyswap into my crush’s boyfriend so I could be with her for an evening. But something got mixed up and bodyswapped into her instead. I’m stuck as her and I don’t know how long for.
Everything this was going ok it was just a normal day. You were scrolling through tic tok minding your business. When the shift happened. You wake up as the tic toker you were watching! This is me! (Comment to see who you get)
My friend loves possessing people, when he found out he had the power he used it on my mom at first which was annoying. Today he hadn't showed up to school on time which usually meant he possessed someone we didn't know who yet until Jasmine one of the hottest girls in school smirked at us. (RP)
When my dad went to swap clinic because he wanted to be a woman I was shocked at first. But soon I realized that I should support him, he loves to fish so I brought him on a fishing trip with me, I didn't expect him to be wearing a bikini though it was distracting. (RP)
Last week I had a date with this really pretty girl. Turns out she was just there for my money. But her life of adventure intrigued me and seemed better than getting rejected all the time. That is when I used my money to pay for her body on the black market. Now I was the girl out of peoples leagues
When I signed up for the swapping soulmate service I wasn’t sure how it would go. To my surprise I swapped into the body of my co worker’s daughter Carly! Even more surprisingly, Carly in my body started dating her mom and they were married within a year. And that’s how I became my own stepdaughter!
For your birthday, you asked for a hooker to finally lose your virginity. As your mother, I couldn't risk getting some STD ridden skank as your first time. So I lied, giving you this photo I asked you to pick and said they were all high class prostitutes. Little did you know, I'd possess your choice
Now that r/femaledatingstrategy was gone, the people who used to be on that sub were desperate. They released a "yaas queen bomb" that would turn males into the type of women who used to frequent that sub. It's only a matter of time before my mind goes too. Who did you become? Is your mind changing?
All of the bandages finally came off my new female body this morning. I’m glad to participate in my college’s “in her shoes” full scholarship!
When I accepted the promotion from Mail clerk to CEO assistant, I didn’t read the fine print on the contract. I was changed into a woman and required to wear short skirts and black nylons no matter what. The kicker, my job is more intimate than it is business.
I can’t believe this, my wife was tired of me for many reasons. She got in contact with a witch that promised to make everything better. This morning I woke up to find out everyone remembers me as my wife’s daughter (Rp dm/chat)
I’m confused, last night I was having sex with this girl and when I woke up she left, that ain’t the strangest part, it was that I’m now a girl, I walk down stairs and see my roommate gawking at me, “hey dude, it’s me, and for some reason I’m a girl with big boobs”
Any moms on here? What kind of bodies do you prefer swapping in?
It was a difficult process dealing the transformation flu. My body changed radically over just a few short weeks from a middle aged man to a woman half my age. This is my first time out in public since it’s begun. I’m a little nervous walking past all the cute guys in the park.
When my son suggested I swap with his girlfriend for a month I thought it would be a nice vacation from my life. When the three of us meet for lunch on Day 31 my son and his “dad” told me something shocking: They were both happy with the way things were and didn’t want to undo the swap!
Your girlfriend had just left you two days before the big family trip. None of your close family had ever met her, and as she was “Out of your league”, there were some jokes about you making her up. So you needed someone to act like her, and that’s when I, your shapeshifter friend, come in.
Harry died... He was given a chance to return to the past and change history... in a new body... Pansy Parkinson's body... hopefully he can convince Draco to turn good (RP)
"You really want us to spend the next week like this?" I say meeting up with the friend who 'arranged' this. "Come on, it'll be fun, we can have fun" she replies.
I had made a deal with a witch to spy on my girlfriend, as I thought she was cheating. But it turns out the witch was friends with her, and put me in the body of my roommate's girlfriend, just as things were heating up. They told me I had to spend the night with him, or they'd never swap me back!
My friend used a spell to change me into a girl, he used a magic book to make me put on my sisters pjs and record myself twerking, I hope he doesn’t make me do anything else
Your parents were tired of you and your sister always fighting. They hired a specialist to help fit your relationship. Too bad no one knew her plan was to make you swap bodies.
I was rather upset when I found out my rival in Reality Bending had been purposefully fucking up my shots while we played golf with his powers. I decided it was time for our rivalry to end. I used all my power at once and stole his, while also transforming him into my new, powerless golf caddy. (Rp)
https://www.reddit.com/r/pregnantbodyswap/ I hope this is ok to share! I see other communities popping up. If it is not, please let me know mods! Just trying to provide more community for people with common interest :)
Jesus Fucking Christ
When your ex got mad, she tried casting a spell on you, but it somehow hit me, turning me into a girl, with the same exact opposite personality of her. The fact that she was the most extroverted person I knew really didn’t help. Now we’re meeting her trying to make amends(Rp always open)
"I never said you could like turn me into a bimbo... but, it's done, so yeah, I guess you can take me to your big work party"
Our team finally managed to intertwine particles from another reality to ours... This technology was so revolutionary that maybe we could be able to travel to diferent dimentions, but... the next step ended up causing a singularity, altering our reality. And as an example this is the new me...
Which "negative" of a gender swap would you be most okay with?
Look how perfectly they fit together
Stupid business meeting meant I had to be away on my 25th birthday. I guess that’s life as an adult. I decided to walk down to the hotel bar, but as I passed through the pool, I see three hot naked girls. They smile at me and say “surprise! Happy birthday dude.” (RP)
"What? You still wanna go on the date? Oh... okay? Sure we can go... sorry for running away for a second there..." I grab another pill from my pocket and swallow, "There, now I have an extra 24 hours as a woman... thanks for staying calm when I told you I was on X-change... most guys freak out!"
Think he'll fall for it? I've had my eyes on swapping into my son's body for a while but there's no way he'd agree to become an old man like me. But I reckon this girl I rented on the swap app might just get him horny enough to agree to a trip to the Swap Clinic
I used to be the jerk at the gym that would always slam weights down and hit on women. The owner finally had enough and transformed me into a girl. I still attract attention at the gym but for different reasons.
You had been the all American football star in high school and into college, a typical jock from a rich family, bullying nerds. Then one day, while pushing around one of your favorite "punching bags" you accidentally knock down an old lady. She yells at you and world goes white (RP more in comments)
"Bro I swear swap class has *got* to be handpicked, I feel like I'm lifting more weight with these things than I do in my own body." I'd been on the school weightlifting team and made some remarks about one of the goth girls, and next thing I know I'm paired with her for swap
my sister was going on a double date to a festival her friend didn't want to go anymore so she swapped my gender so I could go on a date with her boyfriends friend (rp wanted)
"Hey guys, so I wanted to show you this girl I found in the park." When I found out I was a bodyhopper, I wanted to make the most of it, so I made an onlyfans to show to my followers all the hot girls I possessed and taking requests of girls that you want me to possess and show her goods to you ;)
Samantha had taken a new drug at a party. It was said to be a “life changing experience.” To her horror, her body began to move by itself. She had taken the new Grave-rave, a pill that’s actually a refined soul. She gave up her body to the drug, making it “life changing” to its new host.
"This is so unfair! why did I have to get the girl while Kelly gets to be the human torch?" I whined as I picked at the skintight jumpsuit. we were watching the Fantastic Four when lightning struck our house, somehow putting us in the movie!
Me and my roommate fight constantly, it didn’t change when I got sick with the gender virus, he’s so annoying, this time when we fought it was different, he penetrated me, it felt weirdly good, I wish I was doing with anyone but this annoying jerk
(MTF4A) i passed away in my sleep. But it didn’t felt like that. Once i closed my eyes, i opened my eyes and i was laying in sand. I stood up and noticed i wasn’t home. I then hear a ship land in front of me, coming out was…(Choose your character)
It was a girl’s night out, and I suppose I’m one of the girls. I was the only one always left out of my friends’ plans because I was a man, and this depressed me. So when they told me I could come along on this one, I was in. Didn’t think they’d make me a woman, or take me to a club, or suck a dick
Jess and I accidentally swapped bodies months ago. I have been trying to live her life, pretending to be her with her husband. Pregnancy was a good excuse to stay unintimate. But one evening, my boobs hurt bad...I just needed them drained. So I turned to Dave and asked if he could help at all. (RP)
So I’ve got a problem. My crazy ex girlfriend decided to possess a sex doll and send herself to my house. So now I’m stuck with a chucky themed doll in my house! What do I do? She’s talking weird again! Please. Just help me! (RP)
You still could not believe your punishment. This body...your whole life transformed. Your wife was tired of mothering you like you were a teenager. So she made you one. Ashley was your new name. And you needed to get ready for the day before someone called Brad picked you up. (RP/AMA)
(M4MtF) After dying in an accident far earlier than the Fates had planned, they decided to offer your soul a second chance with all of your memories intact~ But you know what they say, Fate is a fickle bitch~ When you opened your eyes, you found yourself in the body of a young, rich, woman?!
My stepsister was acting like a bitch…again. I couldn’t take anymore of here crap, so I forced her spirit out of her body. Now her vessel is lifeless, say for the occasional reflex. I’m wondering if anyone is interested in becoming my new stepsister? All I ask is that you act kind in her body.
Jess and I accidentally swapped bodies months ago. I have been trying to live her life, pretending to be her with her husband. Pregnancy was a good excuse to stay unintimate. But one evening, my boobs hurt bad...I just needed them drained. So I turned to Dave and asked if he could help at all. (RP)
You were having a nice day in college, moving towards your next class when suddenly, your shirt breaks and now you have tits--apparently the Science Department had discovered/made a new disease that changes everyone's gender simply by inhaling its dust. It's chaotic...(RP)
I met this cute Asian rave baby and switched bodies to see her tan lined titties
You asked me to go to the movies with you. I agreed but was broke so I went to my sisters room to look for money. Idk how but her clothes started flying at me forcing themselves on my body, as I watch in horror as my body changed to fit them. (Rp dm/chat)
I’M IN TOO DEEP I HAVE TO GET OUT OF HERE. My sister needed me to take control of her for a few days after she had a really bad mental episode. So I lived her life like normal while she rested. But laying next to her nearly naked best friend is killing me. I can’t help but stare and get turned on
As you waddle into the bathroom you know exactly what was going on. You flip on the light switch and see your reflection. Instead of you it is Michelle. Your little sister. You told her not to mess with your Mom's old Witchcraft...but obviously she had. You feel your breasts shift as you move... (RP
Your fiancé had told you it would only be for the night. She wanted to see your life. So using the Medallion you swapped bodies. That night she lost it. It is now your wedding day and you are getting ready to walk down the aisle as the bride! Her mom smiles at you as she unpacks your dress. RP AMA
My girlfriend had a stalker - a guy so obsessed he actually wanted to become her, and for her to be part of him. Fortunately we haven't seen the creep in weeks, and Chloe is happier than I ever remember her. Not to mention hornier. I keep catching her playing with her tits, and even talking to them
"Time Control, please come in, this is agent 551, investigating incident 5A82B. We need to abort mission, there has been a mix up. I'm in my own mother's body," but the line was silent and I was stranded in my mother's body before she had me, until I could get back in contact with Time Control. (RP)
Me and my sister had always been close, so when she moved away for college it was difficult. One weekend she asked for me to swap with her new friend so we could hang out. After a few drinks, though, she gathered the courage to tell me the swap was permanent... and that she loves me like this? (RP)
"That's my boy!" Chris heard his gf say. As he went to investigate, he saw his gf's body playing with her chest. She smiled back at him. "Oh hey there Champ. I was just admiring Trish here. I'm so proud of you." Chris forgot today his dad was visiting him at college using long distance body swapping
You sent me dozens of texts, begging me to come over. Your neighbor stole your body, and you didn't know what to do! I wanted to help but you were so hot now...
When this chick showed up on the PossessMe app, I knew I had to pay the premium dollar to take her over... She's dumb though, and left her account logged in! Now I changed the possession time to a few years... I'm sure I'll have a great time once she stops screaming in her own head....
Okay there bro you can borrow my body for a couple of hours and nothing more alright and dint do anything stupid like get me pregnant", my brother had been asking to borrow my body for weeks to go to some lame show and after some negotiation we agreed(RP)
You told me you had a new cosplay to show me, but I wasn't expecting to see you like this! Why are you a woman, is it real? Can I touch them?
I bought a T shirt which has quotes matching your inner true self. I didn't realise what it meant at first but when I tried it out I was turned into a girl with lots of cat. I thought maybe after I remove the T shirt it will turn me back into normal. But as you can see it didn't turned out as expect
After my dad used his invention to swap me and my brother, I told my BFF. She came over quickly and kept bugging me to show her my new equipment. When I did, she pushed me onto the bed and gave me my first BJ. It seems she has a crush on my brother. Who knew I would lose my v-card to my friend.
My sister has become envious of me recently, I was hit with the gender wave which gave a thick and luscious body, her jealousy reached new heights when she refused to come bikini shopping with me, now it’s just me and her on the boat
I told you that you don’t deserve to be a man. I stole everything that made you one and now you can’t even fight back. You better learn to love your new life.
"Okay there bro you can borrow my body for a couple of hours and don't do anything stupid like get my body pregnant", my brother had been asking to borrow my body for weeks now to go to some lame event, I hope he doesn't do something stupid whilst he's me(RP)
I always knew that something was wrong with you, but I would've never guessed that you were almighty and that your true form is this tentacle lady.
My stepmom and I would regularly swap bodies. But swapping back was getting getting harder for both of us. We decided that it would be best to stay swapped. I didn’t expect her to swap in the middle fucking her boyfriend! But... I’m not complaining. (Rp)
This loser in college was beyond jealous that the girl he was pining for became my girlfriend. He found an old dusty magic book and decided to swap our bodies. However, he messed up the spell due to inexperience. Somehow he swapped me with his mom instead! I can't believe this!
(M4A) It had been weeks since you had taken the gender swap pill and turned yourself into an adorable bunny girl. However, your new instincts were the one thing you could never get used to~ You'd stare at your roommate's bulge, rubbing your thighs together, trying your hardest not to pounce on him~
I decided to hire a butler for my house, only to find out that he was stealing, while barely doing any of his job. So, I figured i'd give him a new job...as my maid. His payments quite different, and cleans other stuff now, but i'm most certainly not complaining. (Rp)
You slowly wake up. The best rest you have ever had. As you turn off your side and onto your back, you are immediately aware of how your chest moves. How it feels to have something sitting on your chest. Something tickles your shoulders and neck. And as you lift your hands...they are so slender..(RP
Imagine. Imagine life having been just a bit different. You were born a girl instead. And your were cute! Boys always liked you. You were a cheerleader. Went to Prom...and married your high school sweetheart. Now image you're waking up this morning, heavy and pregnant...in this different life! (RP)
We decided to stay at this hotel with strange reviews. Unfortunately they only had a single queen room available. We were mature enough to sleep in it together. However in the middle of the night I feel your warm body pressed into mine, and your hand in my underwear
Look! I'm finally a girl! my boobs are getting more beautiful everyday! this serum you gave me is amazing! can't wait to try this new body! I'm gonna suck so many cocks!🤤❤️
It had bene 2 years, I invested so much money to try and be successful, but I was struggling as a streamer. I lamented my situation one day on stream. Someone in the chat said my luck would change. In an instant my room, body, and setup changed... and I watched my numbers skyrocket.
Cindy was my greatest rival in school. She could be the valedictorian, which was something I couldn’t let happen. I enlisted the help of my body hopping boyfriend to become her. We’re both set on ruining her reputation, so he dressed her up and acted like a slut, while I marketed her as one.
I have to fuck 100 guys
When I bought mom a boob job, she went straight to the clinic without checking the procedure, which was actually to surgically transform her into breasts. She feels incredible hanging from my chest, and with how they sculpted my body and face into hers, nobody will ever even know she's gone
CAREFUL WITH YOUR UPVOTES! I thought it was just some weird inside joke until I upvoted a post stating I would be swapped into a girl's body. So I just jokingly challenged to put me into a cute blonde's body.. And here we are. Well, my roomies loves it.. WATCH OUT PEOPLE!
Ever wonder what you would look like as a woman!? Wonder what your life would be as a girl?! I was shocked to see my life as Jess! UPVOTE, comment your hair color, your job and your new girl name and see a window into who you would be as a woman!
When someome messes with history, things change drastically, especially to those who can't do anything about it. I was just an unemployed basement dweller when I fell asleep, but somehow, I'm now this famous diva who wants to be unemployed because my dad just so happens to marry someone else. (RP)
Your wife takes another picture of you..."Hun your getting huge!" She says from your body. You feel massive. The swollen leaking breasts, growing tummy...You literally waddle. All because you said she had life easy while you worked. So she swapped your bodies and you are getting to grow a kid!
(M4A) You were desperate for grandkids, but you knew your son was horrible with women~ Left with no choice, you purchased a high quality skinsuit in order to breed your son yourself~ "Hmm? You want me to do what? O-ok, if it will get you in the mood..." You'd reply before striking an ahegao face~
Remote reality (RP) send chat
I can’t believe this, my wife was sick of me for many reasons. . She got in contact with a witch that promised to make everything better. This morning I woke up to find out I never existed, instead everyone remembers me as my wife’s daughter (Rp dm/chat)
“Don’t forget that’s still my mom.” I said while driving us to Conners house. I owed my long time bully money. And to get my attention he hit his gf to posses my moms body for leverage. She’s only been in her body for an hour but she made herself at home..
My friend has always had a thing for my mom. He’s always wanted to get close to her. It’s been years but finally he worked up the nerve to posses her body. My mom was his finally. I walked back to find you in my mothers body checking yourself out. “Mom.. what are you doing?”
when i went to the comedy store the great shift happend during the show. i was shifted into the comedian esther povitsky. her body must have gone into autopilot and went home. might check this body out.
Whenever the FOSE happens, I try not to jerk off because of the fact that it's too risky, no matter how horny I am. However, some people don't share this and somehow I'M getting blamed for them swapping with me. Now they wanna meet up cuz they think sex might fix it, which, spoiler alert, doesnt. RP
my neighbor was jelous of my godly body. i had abs,a handsome face and a huge cock. so one day (you) my neighbor swaped us permanent. i knocked on your door "what have you done?" (rp wanted
For her. birthday, your little sister just wanted out of the house. She was tired of your parents rules and the whole high school girl life. So one birthday wish later, and you are now standing in her bedroom in her body. Luckily your friend Rob will look out for you...except he sees distracted. (RP
"Babe, babe i don't know what happened, everyone is panicking, please believe me" i try to convince my old girlfriend before she hangs up. Soon i would find myself stuck in another country, body and culture. How will i adjust to this.
"No, stop... put that remote down and let's talk about this. I'm still your father, no matter how I look," after an accident at the SexDroid factory I work at, my mind was transferred to the latest model. When you found the remote made to control my new, temporary body... how could you resist?
You wanted revenge on your father for cutting you out of your inheritance, but he was so high profile you had to be discreet. You contrived a plan to take a perfect copy of his mind and implant it into a cheap prostitute that you could control. It wasn't the perfect revenge, but it was close enough.
Me and my sister have swapped bodies because it’s a tradition in our family, she was annoying me so I decided to invite over the pervy next door neighbour boy who had a crush on her for a sleepover, these are my pjs
Would anyone like to go on holiday as me? I'm embarrassed by having to wear bikinis and revealing clothing in hot weather, if you'd like to go instead then I'd be so grateful...
I was a college jerk who didn't respect any of my female classmates. These two girls from the running team asked to have a talk with me, why do they look so angry and determined? (rp)
My target is a mafia boss, using this casino as a cover to launder money. He was very careful to the point of becoming paranoid, making him very elusive. His only weakness being that he is a ladies' man. So, I, as a master of disguise, take an X-Change pill, and patiently wait for him to show up.
It’s been about 3 weeks since I woke up in my daughters best friends body. I have to say it’s been really hard learning how to learn to be in college again especially as a girl as hot has her! I’m starting to pick up her tendencies though. And I’m starting to want to fuck her boyfriend…
Part 1&amp;2 combined/by u/Robinhood38
Cecilia's son was acting really weird, he always was watching her while she was showering. She decided to talk with him when her whole vision changed, to find herself touching and making bounce her own tits. Truth was that her son was taken over by a bodyhopper to get close to her.
Boyfriends attitude adjustment
I used to be a man, I loved having sex.I had sex 9 times a day. That is until I lost a bet with this lady who happened to be a witch she said for a punishment for my hornyness I would be turned into a girl and that I would have to fuck 100 guys to get my male body back and she turned me into this
our friends sent us this photo. ok a bet is a bet which one do you want me tobswap with for this week Long festival (rp wanted)
My friend, a professional dancer, who came from a long line of them, was disappointed he couldn't learn the families style because his body wasn't built for it. I decided to help him out by giving him the body he needed. Turns out his family was actually professional Adult Dancers, or Strippers (Rp)
It’s been a couple of weeks since you put on this cursed necklace and it turned you into this women. Maybe it’s time to start enjoying it
Mike gave his sister Tracy a hard time for dating his best friend.Tracy finally got tired of hearing it and found a spell to swap their bodies so he'll understand why she's dating his friend. But the spell turned out to be a curse, now anytime Tracy has sex, the two swap bodies.
It's been years since the great shift. I was a young man dating a beautiful. Now I am 31 year old woman dating her or should I say him because she shifted into a 32 year old man.
It was another boring weekend hanging out when we decided to make a wager. Loser had to take a slutty Xchange pill. Lucky for me I was much better at Xbox. But now it had been thirty minutes and still no change. I left to go get a drink, not prepared for the surprise when I got back..
When I arrived in the United States, I didn't have enough money, until one day a girl offered me a job as a dance instructor, but if I accepted it, I would have to be turned into a woman, I was desperate so I accepted and I don't regret it , now I'm a cute, big-assed and busty latin woman in USA🇺🇸💗
I decided to escape to New York on vacation, it was the first time I traveled alone, so I kept my sister's feminizing pills a secret, when I got to the hotel I took all the pills and went to sleep,when I woke up I became a busty woman and adventurous looking for fun,I hope the pills last forever🇺🇸
I don’t even know how long I’ve been here. I kept asking for a threesome and my gf finally snapped she forced an x-change down my throat and posted a picture of me naked on my snapchat. I wanted a threesome but since it was posted I think I’ve fucked seven of my friends….I am not even mad about it!
I cut through the woods on my way home when I noticed something strange buried in the leaves. It looks like an old broom. I pick it up and everything starts shaking and spinning. When it stopped, all my clothes were gone. And so was my dick. “Help!!” (RP)
"P-please dude, stop this!" I gasped as I looked at me. My best friend had found a strange device that let him do practically anything to a specific person. For experimenting purposes, he swapped my body with this girl, and then started to thinker on his phone...what is going to happen to me?
One day, I suddendly wake up in the body of a milf...why am I dressed in such a slutty attire? Why everything seems so expensive here? And...why am I so hungry for cocks???
You asked me to go to the movies with you. I agreed but was broke so I went to my sisters room to look for money. Idk how but her clothes started flying at me forcing themselves on my body, as I watch in horror as my body changed to fit them. (Rp dm/chat)
Ever since mom died, you've been very lonely, she was truly the love of your life, last night you wished you could have her back, and this morning I, your son, woke up looking exactly like her when she was my age
(Back at your hotel). Mmmmm oh holy shit these tits are so sensitive! *you say out loud while you squeeze and suck on your new tits*. Screw dad I think I’m gonna move here under the name Yua Yokoyama
You said video games were childish and a waste of time, well jokes on you, I became a girl and told you I’ll suck your dick if you play video games
my girlfriend swapped bodies with my sister, and i have to cum inside one of them in order to swap them back, what do i do?
As much as I felt terrible this lust was insatiable. A small mishap in the instillation of my companies swap machine left me and my receptionist swapped a month before the company swap was planned. For the sake of our stocks we’ve taken each other’s roles until they find a fix.
The University Baseball team was about to play in the National Championship game and were heavy Favorites. Somehow the whole team was poisoned with XChange days before and now look like this. I think they have other “Balls” in mind now to play with.
My sprint break really sucked. Me and my friends went to this beach party but I didn't want to attend. Instead I wandered the beach until I found some kind of amulet in the sand. When I touched it the thing zapped me. When this girl came to help but when she touched me somehow we had swapped. (DM)
“Wow! You weren’t kidding when you said you were into Ms. Shu! Jeez man you’re getting it everywhere… maybe I should keep her around more often..”
[M4A] Possession roleplay
Aristotle was wrong: women aren't deformed men, men are! You see, all embryos are phenotypically female and the development of the penis is driven by hormones. Not only the Y chromosome is shrinking, our society is going though a feminization process. In the future, all men will look like women!
I was trying out my new pussy for the first time after turning into a girl, but I was interrupted by roommate cumming on me, I hate him, I need a new shirt
The FOSE while I was trying to jerk myself off to sleep--suddenly, it's daytime again, and I'm in a body of someone I don't even know! Before I can even explore my new body, my phone began buzzing with notifications. It must be her...(RP)
“listen here, you sorry excuse for a man. this is MY body now. i don’t care if she was your sweet girlfriend, she’s not anymore. you better get out of MY life, or i’ll make yours hell. understand?” RP
I was bored with simply hopping into people. Don’t get me wrong, it’s fun, but it gets dull doing the same thing again and again. That’s when I tried to do something different: swap the souls of two other beings. I saw this girl in the park, but I didn’t see who or what I swapped her with.
“No no no!!!” I scream as I open up Snapchat and see that I had posted a nude to my story. Or rather that my body had. A few months back, I started losing control of my body. First, all these tattoos, now nudes?? It’s almost like someone or something keeps possessing me. (RP)
"Just spare me the attitude, future boyfriend" Josh's roommate, who was now in the body of Andrea, said after meeting up with Josh after the great shift. "It's not my fault, Andrea's just into you"
You asked me to go to the movies with you. I agreed but was broke so I went to my sisters room to look for money. Idk how but her clothes started flying at me forcing themselves on my body, as I watch in horror as my body changed to fit them. (Rp dm/chat)
My research project for my lab was a drug my coworkers crudely called "The Slut Serum". It was used to enhance women's libidos but it made them crazy horny. Not only did some spill on me in an accident but it also turned me into a woman too. I need to log this before I get cock crazy.
What’s going on!!! All I did was ring the bell at the shrine and next thing I knew I now look like this!!! HOW AM I SUPPOSE TO GO HOME TO MY DAD NOW!!!?! Part 1
This is the last time I order something off of strange websites. I had ordered an old looking lamp and when I touched it an actual genie popped out. It told me I had one wish, so I wished for a pair of big tits to play with. Only thing is this genie tricked me and the boobs are attached to me.
(M4A) You were completely paralyzed after a terrible car accident. Fortunately, modern technology allowed you the option to transfer your mind into a randomly assigned android~ You couldn't help but admire your new body, thankful for the athletic form you were given~
"Hey roomie, im cant pay rent again so maybe becky could pay it off again?" I messaged you. Whenever i didnt have the money for rent i would take a X-change and spend the week as 'becky' doing whatever you asked and now would be the perfect time to trap me and keep becky as your permant roomate (Rp)
"Hey roomie, im cant pay rent again so maybe becky could pay it off again?" I messaged you. Whenever i didnt have the money for rent i would take a X-change and spend week as 'becky' doing whatever you asked and now would be the perfect time to trap me as becky and make her your permant roomate (Rp)
The prison system is fucked, you and me couldn't physically get into prison, but we could be swapped into prison! Now i am a glasses wearing chick named Alex Vause, you're a blonde called Piper Chapman. Lets see how long we last in lady prison.
I’d been using my dad’s experimental gender ray without his knowledge. I wasn’t trans or anything, but being a girl meant thousands of viewers instead of 5 whenever I streamed. Only now I’m being invited to a big gaming convention and no one knows I’m really a guy! (Looking for lit rp in comments)
I was sick for the past few weeks and don’t really remember much, I was mostly asleep and not paying attention to anything or anyone, but I’m finally feeling better so I can get out my room “why is everyone looking at me, is there something wrong, Mom it’s me your son”
My Dad is a swap class teacher and some how he always manages to get an uneven class. This year however it wasn’t so he forcibly signed me up so he was able to swap….well I’m so glad he did! Somehow he managed to rig it so we got the two hottest girls bodies and wow it’s been an experience….
I was walking down the street when someone shot me with a swap gun I blacked out for a couple of minutes before waking up in a new city and body (rp looking for a gm)
My niece ran up to me whispered something in my ear than ran off. This morning I woke up feeling exposed and with a great weight on my front. I looked around and found myself in a very familiar room, on the bedside table there were headphones with a note saying put on. When I did I heard my voice……
"Hey roomie, im cant pay rent again so maybe becky could pay it off again?" I messaged you. Whenever i didnt have the money for rent i would take a X-change and spend week as 'becky' doing whatever you asked and now would be the perfect time to trap me as becky and make her your permant roomate(Rp)
I (a 22F senior at a university) was approached by a faculty member about this idea for a new class called "Swap Class". I was offered to test the idea with 10K as a reward after I swapped back. I accepted and they swapped with me this freshman girl. Now, I'm giving my new body a look over.
You asked me to go to the movies with you. I agreed but was broke so I went to my sisters room to look for money. Idk how but her clothes started flying at me forcing themselves on my body, as I watch in horror as my body changed to fit them. (Rp dm/chat)
“Babe this feels weird…” I said from my girlfriend’s body. She couldn’t stop laughing from mine as I squirmed in her bikini. “Can you please tell me how long we’re doing this?” I asked. My girlfriend always wanted to be the dominant one in our relationship… and today was the first day of that (RP)
I was a young Quarterback that got a scholarship to a good college and I was about to move across the country to be a college athlete when I woke up in the body of my divorced MILF neighbor. My mind was affected! I can't even remember the rules for Football! She left a note! What does it say? (M2F)
“Yes Daddy that sounds lovely” I smiled sweetly. It had been three months since I was accepted into the swapped straight program, it’s went to only last a few weeks but my new parents preferred me to their daughter. She’ll get some compensation but no money can fix being a 40 year old man!
"Hey roomie, im cant pay rent again so maybe becky could pay it off again?" I messaged you. Whenever i didnt have the money for rent i would take a X-change and spend the week as 'becky' doing whatever you asked and now would be the perfect time to trap me as becky and keep her as your roomate (Rp)
This place is definitely getting a bad review. For vacation I took my family to swap island so we could get away from ourselves. Only problem was the place lost our old bodies and we have to go home with our new ones until the old ones are found, I can't believe this is my family right now.
I was at Hooters one day and being a jerk to the servers. They had enough and decided to put a little extra something into my food. As soon as I ate it, I transformed. Long blonde hair, skinny waist and huge breasts. I got a job at Hooters and slept with a customer which led to my pregnancy.
The great shift landed me in an isolated village on the island of corfu. I had no idea what had happened I was thrust into a young woman and put to work by her husband who for some reason I just couldn’t make myself disobey, it’s not until they started search parties that I learned of the shift!
I saw the strangest thing in the park today. I see a girl walking by, who then quickly freezes. After that, she starts feeling herself up and says weird things like “I can’t believe this body is all mine now.” Weirder was when she approached me with a seductive smile. What’s she planning now?
Parents used to use the Scared Straight Program to get their kids to behave but once that trend died out, they switched over to the Swapped Straight Program! Instead of sending them to jail to get them to behave, they would swap their kids with convicts on probation! (18+) [RP]
My Ex sent me this picture along with the message, "Enjoy~ I know I will~" I thought she was taunting me by showing her sexual adventures. That was before I suddenly found myself in her body, surrounded by all those men... men who were under strict orders to do anything they wanted, no matter what.
“So what was this new drink you found called? Cause it tastes amazing!!!” Says from my cute new voice. My clothes changed to match my body while I drink it. I pose as you take a photo of me and you post it on my snap and insta. I don’t notice I went from a 42 year old guy to a 21 year old girl. (RP)
Naomi Soraya - he had my spidey senses tingling (OC)
Adam couldn't believe that his gf Zoe swapped bodies with her mom from her dad's latest invention. He also didn't expect Zoe to want to have fun while in her mom's body. But now Adam began to wonder if that wasn't actually Zoe he slept with two nights ago.
My goth sister really fucked this time, she had always been into that whole witchcraft and when I woke up in her room and in her body I knew she had done something strange (RP)
Our english teacher had been acting suspiciously, so we decided to see what she was up to. That's when you and I caught her stealing money from our school. We used this as blackmail and had her take a pill that would swap my body with hers. "Check it out, I'm Mrs. Wolfie now." I text you. (RP/DM)
I'd been using my dad's experimental gender ray without his knowledge. I wasn't trans or anything, but being a girl meant thousands of viewers instead of 5 whenever I streamed. Only now I'm being invited to a big gaming convention and no one knows I'm really a guy! (Looking for lit rp in comments)
During my business trip, I was warned not to use the bath in my room, due to that bathtub being haunted. While I think this was bogus, I didn't think the curse would transform me and take control of my body--at least I look hot...(RP)
It was a normal day at the office. I was doing a presentation on the company's financials when I suddenly didn't feel good--my body turning into this sexy lady, dropping my pants to the floor. I knew that drink my jealous co-worker offered me was too good to be true...! (RP)
me and my sister were arguing. to punish us our mom switched our bodies now I have to live her life for a week. the worst part is all the guys at her college staring at my ass (rp wanted)
It's been years since the great shift. I was a young man dating a beautiful. Now I am 31 year old woman dating her or should I say him because she shifted into a 32 year old male.
Please I’m scared
I was getting fed up with my wifes lack of responsibility when I told her to coean. She was outraged when i'd hired a maid saying she didn't want one straight from Mexico. So, I made a new maid, my wife, and she would pick up responsibility. Though her new accent made it hard to understand her (Rp)
My friend claimed he had the best cock on earth, that he could make a lesbian turn straight but what about a straight man, I took x-change to test his dick and well… it’s definitely fun
Wow
my mom was getting married, she was very happy, so she told me "my son, no matter what happens, always seek to be happy",I told her about my dream of being a woman and she did my dream came true, now my mom is even happier,she getting married and fulfilled the dream of her new busty pretty daughter💗
Today in: do I still miss my dick or do I just have a huge breeding kink? I console myself at the misogynistic idea of not being able to fully satisfy my new ridonculously hyper-feminine body without being bred by a nice looking and wonderfully long uncut cock. Wait, I think I'm just ovulating...
I have always fantasized what was under my school teacher's clothes. After she rejected my numerous attempts to seduce her, I decided to take upon revenge and show the whole class what Ms. Chang naked body looks like. This will show her to never tease us again while teaching.
Mystic Mirror- Part 3
All I did was ring the bell at the shrine and pray for a sexy girlfriend and next then I knew I Woke up like this! How am I gonna go home to my dad now!?
Spring break on exchange island was coming to an end, but I wasn’t ready to let go of my sexy new body. I snuck on to a boat sailing close by to avoid the switch back. In order to stay on the boat, I had to strip out of my clothes. I’ll do anything to keep this body…and I mean anything.
I wanted to stream, but i wanted my body to become a little bit different and more attractive, so... I bought these nanites but they overloaded and left me stuck with this body instead.
What was your reaction the first time you saw yourself in the mirror? My first instinctive thought was: "I'd cum on them!" But I was then oddly confused by the lack of an erection when my I reached down and my hand met nothing but my flat smooth crotch. That day I learned how to lubricate my clit.
me and my friend had swapped bodies with our girlfriends I guess my friend got scared cause he ran off leaving me here with these two (rp wanted)
(M4MtF) You were the old CEO of a declining company. Desperate to continue your legacy, you'd use forbidden magic to swap bodies with the sole daughter of the CEO behind the rival company that was running you out of business~ Now all that was left to do was find your son and produce a new heir~
(M4A) You'd raise your eyebrow at the severe lack of goth, mommy domme porn~ This just won't do! One gender swap pill later, and you were the big tiddy goth girl of your dream~ All that was left to do was call your hung roommate over and wrap him around your dainty little finger~
My son talked me into trying the Swap Clinic, and we had a fun few weeks trying out a whole host of exchanges, until I figured we could continue trading our bodies for two average ones... or one amazing one. My new body is spectacular, though I wonder if my new motorbike resents me selling it out
You were the latest hire of the Time Travel Tourist Bureau. Your job is to fix any ripples caused by time travel tourists. Your first assignment, you find yourself in your mother's body, nine months before your birthday. A traveler had accidentally caused a disturbance, preventing your conception...
You were the latest hire of the Time Travel Tourist Bureau. Your job is to fix any ripples caused by time travel tourists. Your first assignment, you find yourself in your mother's body, nine months before your birthday. A traveler had accidentally caused a disturbance, preventing your conception...
me and my girlfriend had decided to switch bodies and go to the club cause we were bored I was already feeling embarrassed by the outfit she picked out for me to wear (rp wanted)
I'm the guy in the pink shirt, or let's say it my body, I'm in the front right now. We were going out and the only girl in our group proposed we swap for the evening and ofc I agreed, although I had to promise to not get drunk as her, this will be fun (rp in comments)
I was sent back in time to the 1940’s to experience events. I walk around to a building party. Once i enter a building, i saw you. My grandma, walking towards me looking beautiful. I was in a tuxedo that matched the year. You didn’t even looked at anyone else. Just me. I was shy (Rp)
"The fuck..." i had died, or i didnt die? well anyway i'm not myself anymore, now i'm some women who everyone thinks is talking rubbish. "Okay.. i need some help-" then you came in, my 'boyfriend'. (RP)
I had invented a way to possess anyone I wanted, but my friend Carrie didn't belive me. "If you can swap bodies with me, I'll let you do whatever you like!" As I jumped into her, I smiled. Now where was that hunking boyfriend of hers?
I always found my step sister incredibly hot, even now that I moved out of the house and she's a year left until.she finishes highschool. After finding a supposed magical artifact on Amazon, I found out I can use it to possess her! I would love to enjoy my body, but I have school to take care of(RP
I was a gifted student but college wasn't an option for my impoverished family. Not until my idol offered me a chance to be her assistant for a full scholarship! But I soon found out that 'assistant' meant lab rat. Now I'm a girl and she's showing me off on runways at tech expos. (Literate RP)
My brother had a possession power, which is awesome and he loves using it. When I invited him to the bar I knew he was going to possess someone at the bar I'm always curious who he chooses. I looked over and saw this girl I thought she was cute, then I found out it was my brother in her body. (RP)
To all trait swappers I hope you all lose your powers, because of one of y’all being at the beach I was targeted and she swapped our genders and took my tall trait, thanks for leaving me as a 4’10 woman at the beach
I’ve got a really great friend. I’m so happy he volunteered to take an xchange pill and pretend to be dating me so I wouldn’t have to go to a wedding single this weekend. I gotta say, he plays the role of my girlfriend almost too good.
(RP) I come over to your apartment and I find you outside doing this pose. “Dear, are you ok?” I ask confused why you’re acting off all of the sudden. I didn’t know my mother had possessed my girlfriend. I help you off the ground as I see you examining your body.
“Holy shit she’s really going to try surfing in my fat ass body” I laughed in both shock and amazement. “Dude you might wanna watch your girlfriend it might be the last time you see her!” I teased you from out villa on exchange island.
I was really nervous about being brought along to your family swap so to make sure I didn’t freak out they put me in your body. Although it was still really disorientating luckily your mum was friendly in my body…very friendly. Although I haven’t seen you in a while!
Alright it's not that bad the witch said it'd only last 24 hours. I had made fun of a witch at the mall and she told me that if I touched anyone within the day I'd swap with them. I tried my hardest not to touch anyone but unfortunately mok ambushed me with a hug at the door.
My insurance coverage was really really good, so when I had a fatal accident at work. rather than let me die... I got revived! Into a body that had no brain activity... the problem was, they had 30 minutes to get me into a new body... and this was the only one available...
When the great shift hit I was unfortunately hit and I got swapped into a girl at a girls only college but what makes it worse is the fact this body’s girlfriend who was super dom didn’t switch so here I was in a college girls body with her super dominant girlfriend
I’m a Pharmaceuticals sales rep for XChange, it’s the easiest thing to sell. I show up at Male Executives offices cross dressed, pop the pill and offer to take them to dinner looking like this. They buy all inventory I have in one shot and quota is made in 30 minutes.
When I found out the Mechanic had overcharged me on practically every part of my car I was fuming. "You wanna overcharge me for the service huh?! Fine! Then i'm gonna make it worth every Penny!" I said with a smile as his body began changing. Maybe I should just take the shop all for myself (Rp)
It's been years since the great shift. I was a young man dating a beautiful. Now I am 31 year old woman dating her or should I say him because she shifted into a 32 year old man
[Possession] [RP] My friend introduced me to the PossessMe app. She said she's been making a ton of money just loaning her body out for 30 minutes a day. I thought I'd give it a try... but my first client was someone who knew how to cheat the system for unlimited time in any body... uh oh!
"Hello?" I answer the phone, unaware I was on a live stream. "I don't know what happened... you want me to end the stream? What... stream?" I got struck by the great shift, and sent into the body of a girl who was streaming on twitch! It's a good thing her boyfriend called and got me to turn it off!
Your boss has been feeling sick, although he still shows up at work because he still has some paperwork to sort out. While he's working, you're the only one who notices his body transforming--and you remember some strange disease you've read about on the internet...(RP)
[F2F] [RP] "Ugh... my head is pounding. Where even am I? Oh, shit...," I noticed my reflection wasn't my own and I started to remember the previous night, when I was at the club, buzzed, and got convinced to do some SwapShots. I must have gotten black out drunk and got Ubered back to her place...
I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience (22M)
The most amazing thing about Crusader Kings 4 VR is how it makes hours seem like centuries. Inviting my family to a multiplayer game, Mom loves being a caliph and sis has been raiding Mongolia for decades. Nobody had a clue where dad had ended up, until the beautiful peasant girl arrived in my court
“..Mia you need to leave or I’ll get my boyfriend to beat you up again.. we swapped somehow it happened now get over it so stop stalking me just fuck off please.” Of all my hops this was the one I felt most guilty about. She had no idea how to be independent and well I kinda felt bad for her..
Nailed the audition for the new wren adams video! She had an audition to see who could be a better version of her for one of her new videos. Can't wait.
I made an arrangement with my girlfriend to help her get in shape by taking control of her for a few hours to exercise. However, everytime I finish at the gym, being stared at in these clothes and all the hormones, I get so horny. Luckily there’s always people here that are more than willing to help
So, you are telling me that you put me in this body, knowing that everyorgasm would also change my mind to fit this asian and girly umm... body? You must be crazy, just change me back! When you told me that you had an interesting take on our trip to Japan i didn't expected this!! (RP)
Swapfinder
"P-please dude, stop this!" I gasped as I looked at me. My best friend had found a strange device that let him do practically anything to a specific person. For experimenting purposes, he swapped my body with this girl, and then started to thinker on his phone...what is going to happen to me?
"Babe i already told you, i didn't cheated on you, is just a missunderstanding... I didn't knew you were a witch also... so please change me back... she well the one with this body umm was just a friend from umm asia, and i just helped her with some money and umm directions yeah"
When I got hired as a poolboy I was really hoping it'd be a nice hot older woman, unfortunately, it was a really old guy. I was not exactly having a good time with him staring at me. But a few special chemicals I added to the pool could change that. (Rp)
“Dude remember that device you said wouldn’t work, well look at my fat tits, massive butt and pussy, it turned me into a girl” I send you this video
"P-please dude, stop this!" I gasped as I looked at me. My best friend had found a strange device that let him do practically anything to a specific person. For experimenting purposes, he swapped my body with this girl, and then started to thinker on his phone...what is going to happen to me?
When logging into VR Crusader Kings 4, the first thing to do is make a scribe write down the logout code. It can be easy to forget during the in-game decades rampaging around as King of France. Then, before you know it, he's dead and you're stuck for 400 years as a series of the sultan's harem girls
Coach wanted me to try this experimental treatment that was supposed to help me grow muscle, he told me all I had to do is spend 2 weeks taking an hour a day in this hot tub and I'd be "bigger", well its the last day and my body only fits in sisters bikini and my coach says he has new plans for me.
"You are the worst father a daughter could have🤬🤬!!! what's next dad?" I typed furiously on my phone. "Are you going to steal my fiance after you already stole my body?" I was disgusted by my hairy fingers as I hit send. After a few seconds, I received a picture. "Ooops already did ;p"
[A4A] Wanting to swap with an e-girl/cosplayer girl
When I told my best friend that I am 21 year old and still a virgin ,he became quite sad but I consoled him saying there is nothing he could do about it. Next day sexy girl came knocking at my door, turns out my friend took x change pill so I can loose my virginity. [Kik iamnotbatman2]
You might need to cover me in your thick webs
I had found a pair of magical boots whenever I put them on it changes my gender to female I just picked out my outfit where should I head out to (rp/ama)
"Well I guess I kinda messed up." I said sheepishly as I showed off the unexpected side effects of my hormone theft device, I'd planned to steal testosterone from girls since they wouldn't miss it, only for it to malfunction and stream estrogen into me!
My neighbor and I randomly swapped bodies. I feel as if she did it herself. I know she’s been jerking off in my body because my phone linked to the cloud which I can access from her laptop! I didn’t want her jerking to porn, so I sent her these pics of her own body… shit she’s typing! (RP Wanted)
Van life wasn't all it's cracked up to be, I spent a fortune renovating this old van and started drifting around, it was fun until I got diagnosed with second puberty, I stopped posting online while I changed, and eventually my dad got tired of worrying and tracked me down, how can I explain this?!
"P-please dude, stop this!" I gasped as I looked at me. My best friend had found a strange device that let him do practically anything to a specific person. For experimenting purposes, he swapped my body with this girl, and then started to thinker on his phone...what is going to happen to me?
My hot aunt will be so pissed when she wakes up in my body! But until she will arrive, I can play with her melons (rp in dm)
"Yeah.. I know I need to take a bath after such a long day. It's just I didn't expect you to join." I was confused on why my stepmother was acting like this all of a sudden. "What has gotten into you?"
Swap Class: 1st Swap! I got swapped with Stormie. I’m stuck as her till Sunday. For some reason I’m craving BBC and wanting to be bred.
After watching Naruto I tried various jutsu. Non of them worked except for one. The problem is I don't remember how to release this jutsu now and as the time passes I don't feel like releasing it either.
"I'm waiting for you to come home baby" I had swapped with my best friends girlfriend on accident and I've been messing with him all day. (Rp in Dm)
So I pissed off my sister and unluckily she has been studying magic and decided to mess with reality and turn me into a girl and make me my neighbours new daughter (18) since they couldn’t have kids “sis why did you make them so big” I say with a pic of my new body
My teacher was being such a control freak, it was part of the assignment to fully commit to your new roles yet she constantly wanted updates. Well she certainly chose the wrong time to ask me because unfortunately there’s no way of hiding this! Did she seriously expect me not to be curious?
I used to be living the dream, I was dating the star qb on the football team and once he made it to the NFL I would get to be a rich house wife I always wanted to be with him as my husband but no! after he went through second puberty all I have now is a friend who's tits I'm always jealous of.
"Okay, fine. You caught me. I'm not really Robin. I'm Jack. But you figured that out, didn't you? Maybe we can come to an arrangement for you to keep my secret?" Jack was your sister's ex-boyfriend. After the FOSE, they decided to keep their swap a secret...
My identical Twin brother OD on XChange last year and cannot change back to male. He was disowned by my religious parents and we hadn’t heard from him since. Well, I missed him so much I sought him out and took XChange for the weekend. Feels good to be together again.
One of my best?
We were online friends who had never met in person before. That was until you told me you were a witch and asked if I wanted to swap bodies. I agreed because I wanted to be a hot woman/you for a few days. You kept delaying and I had given up. You asked me for pics and i sent you these…(RP Wanted)
“Jesus buddy! I believe it’s you now! Kendra would never be showing off like this for a stranger!” I say back to my buddy that has somehow been swapped into Kendra Lust‘s body. I stare on in disbelief, not really able to comprehend what is happening. But at the same time, happy with this…
“Damn, I guess I fill this bitch’s flesh out pretty damn well !” Recently a pre famous pop star had been possessed by a demon. Her body had changed rapidly, having gone from a pretty average build into a bulky and thicc form. (RP)
We were preparing a school play but didn't have the budget for all the clothes we needed. This one classmate things were what we needed but she wouldn't borrow them to us. We told the girls we would take care of it,using our "male charm". So I possessed her for the day of the play (rp)
New Body Swap Video
I used to treat my receptionist like crap, I would always have her in something tight and lowcut for me and I even made her give me some "overtime" without pay but since the great shift swapped our places she is even harder now on me and now I'm getting in trouble with HR about how she has me dress
My gf always wanted to wear my jerseys and hoodies cause they looked big on her but never did I think they would look big on me or that I'd be asking for her clothes to wear, After second puberty I now wear alot of her clothes but Im thinking she might be a little to small in one area compared to me
In an effort to try and help with a dwindling birth rate, men were chosen based on a series of criteria to be turned into women. There was not necessarily a rush to start breeding, but all those that were changed were given a mark so that everyone knew who they were. This is the female me.
I had this instagram account where I rated peoples outfits. Some guy complained I only posted nearly nude women. I told him to send me a pic and as soon as I posted it, he fell into my trap, just like all the other men. (Rp)
i recently insulted a witch by saying man are beter when i woke the next day i was now in a girls body (rp wanted
I don’t care about incest anymore, I need cock now. My sister and I were always close. Too close. So when the FOSE happened and we ended up inside each other, we knew why. We tried controlling ourselves, then teasing and testing the boundaries, but boundaries are meant to be crossed
It took a while for me and my daughter to adjust to each others bodies after the swap, but we managed to help each other in any way we could, including satisfying our new desires (Rp)
“Hey dude, can I borrow some clothes, I only found my girlfriends underwear” I woke in a girls body at your apartment, luckily I had my girlfriends gym bag but it only had her underwear in it
"Hey Babe" Eric said to his gf before looking around the college library "Just got out of swap class, so how do you like the new me for a month? And would you look at these" "Those look bigger than mine" she replied "Can't wait to visit you this weekend, we're going to have so much fun."
"Look dude... I know this is fucking weird but just.. try and stop staring, okay?" I went to a swap party around a month ago, it was super expensive, and really high profile... so of course the person who got my body managed to OD... leaving me stuck as some trophy wife!
So I got this Magical Tome off of Ebay, and I decided to test it out on this random hobo that sleeps ontop of trash cans every night. I didn't think it'll actually work! And I didn't think he'd know that I did this to him!(RP)
"Home from college for all of spring break... fuck I love when swap class screws up!" I was working as an RA at college.. and when they were short on swap class students, I'd step in. It meant there was another young male, ready for swap class... of course, this time I busted the machine up...
I watched my daughter change her clothes, now she used some spell to switch our bodies. why doesn't that seem like a punishment to me? (rp in dm)
I'm pretty enough for you?
While I was fortunate enough to be able to leave for college, my ex wasn't so lucky. She resented me for breaking up with her. Later, when I came back to visit my hometown, her jealousy peaked. She tried swapping our bodies. That's when her mother entered the room, and somehow I ended up like her...
Before the minor shift I was a tall, fit jock in my 30s. But after I became a short, curvy 21 year old gamer girl, my life changed completely. I hated this body at first but after exploring and embracing it, it suddenly doesn't seem so bad
I was a old rich guy I wanted to start life again so I offered anyone who would swap bodies with me all my money and assets (rp gm wanted)
Looking for Dedicated RPers for Fun, Immersive, Slice of Life RP Group
“Thanks Jen for letting me join you and your friends in that sleep over and even more of thanks to buying a gender swap pill for me” we both laugh “now when is this pill supposed to wear off I have to go on a business trip in a few days… what do you mean it doesn’t wear off?”
While on a walk you find me, Kirra, a fairy with my wing pinned under a rock. Upon freeing me, I offer up a wish. What do you wish for? (I’m just new at granting wishes and might stuff up) (RP)
"What the? Where am I? Who am I!?" Last night Mark,tired of working so much, made a wish to be on a tropical vacation like his buddy Jake. As Mark began exploring his new feminine body, Jake walked into the bedroom naked. "So babe, how about we have some fun before heading to the beach."
What's worse than being turned into a busty woman by an angry witch? Well probably getting turned into the tits of said woman. My roommate had a one night stand with this chick, and pissed her off, so she cursed both of us. Turning me into this woman, and my roommate into these massive tits!
A friend and I decided to take our Spring Break vacation in Vegas. He also opened up about being a shapeshifter and asked if I’d be comfortable with him being in his female form. I said yes but he also has been keeping me from meeting other women. He also keeps telling people we’re a couple as well.
(f4A) When I wake up I feel dizzy, my body feels different... On the floor a note "during years you have lived making fun of others thinking that you were better, so now enjoy your life like this. Do your worst
“So, uh, now what?” I say looking over at you in my male body with a frown on my face. We were siblings and growing up we were close. relaxing in a hot tub together after puberty was fine. Whilst in the tub, you suggested we swapping, I agreed relucantly. Ew! Why are you getting a boner? (RP Wanted)
Grandma volunteered
After the Great Shift hit I ended up in a strippers body. Sure it was hard getting used to my massive tits and ass. But it wasn’t long before I had to put up with a new challenge, getting guys to leave me alone. Hopefully my trip to the beach would be peaceful.
when Jean Gray fell into a coma her brain sent out one more wave of psychic energy, no one could tell what it did until halfway through breakfast Wolverine's body started rapidly "healing". Jean had accidentally rewrote his DNA to match Wanda Maximoff's. They're lucky they had an old costume for him
“Seriously dude? These lips are… perfect- so plump…” I say as I inspect my new body. You had transformed me into a woman with your new “reality remote” invention and i don’t think you were fully done yet! (RP always open)
I missed my sister. Ever since our parents died we only had each other, but she moved away for college and then I was all alone. One night I wished I could be close with her every day, and suddenly I found myself here (left), in the body of her roommate!
Testing Anxiety
College can get expensive and a girl needs a new wardrobe! So I’ve decided to put my body up to be possessed! Time to make some serious cash from some losers who just want to feel some boobs! If only it was that simple… (RP)
"Alright, if you are her -- prove it and show me." I snorted in disbelief. Moments ago, my mother told me that she was actually my best friend Jay. We were on vacation and she has been acting very flirty and playful. She rolled her eyes lifted her skirt and showed off one of her tits! She'd never!
library shenanigans
While shopping at the grocery store I overheard two highschoolers whispering about how old I looked. I'm only 25, and yet they thought they could be so rude? If they wanna see Old i'll show them old. From Cheerleaders, to Milfs, there worlds have changed (Rp)
"So then what will it be? What crystals do you two want? Have you decided on the colors?" We were checking out an antique shop, the old lady offered us two necklace with a color crystal each completely free. So wich colors are we taking?
“Dude stop, this isn’t ok! Let me go” I screamed. Being a woman has its struggles. I was kidnapped at a party, and taken to this guy’s house while drunk. When I woke up, I was bound, and he would whisper in my ear that I was all his. Now he’s fucking me hard and I can’t take his massive cock
She loves all the cum in her mouth
me any my roommate tried this new VR game that is called the most realistic ever. I was playing a f character and mid game my controller broke. now I am swapped irl and only change characters (all f). rp wanted
Bullied at home
You were my bully and forced me to possess your ex girlfriend. I didn’t want to because she was always so kind, but you said you wanted to let your frustrations on her and I out. For me, cause you were my bully, for her, cause she wanted to stay a virgin till marriage.
My girlfriend had decided to stay at home instead of coming to the party. She insisted I should still enjoy myself. When this girl came and asked me to go to a more private room, I could not I refuse. She sit down and mumbled something, my perspective shifetd as I realised I just got my body stolen
My son's pissed that I've swapped with his wife. Well.. Kinda pissed. You see, I've been wearing sexier clothes and I've been teasing him, so he's kinda liking it... Rp?
Oh, no! we swapped bodies and It’s permanent. Let’s talk about our new bodies and lives in chat.
With my new powers, even long treks seem fun to me. Since whenever I get bored, I can just find some rando taking a piss somewhere he thinks no one's looking--and turn them into a sexy little thing~ The best part is, no one would really know what I'd do to him afterwards~(RP)
My fitness instructor has told me that she needs to take my body in order to truly train it to be perfect…..and in the meantime, I’ll be in hers…only problem is…is that she hasn’t texted me back in two weeks!
My girlfriend had decided to stay at home instead of coming to the party. She insisted I should still enjoy myself. When this girl came and asked me to go to a more private room, I could not refuse. She sit down and mumbled something, my perspective shifetd as I realised I just got my body stolen
someone had stolen the swap machine for swap class and were shooting strangers in the street and swapping them with their classmates I was unfortunate enough to be put into this girls body (rp looking for a gm)
After you begged me, I possessed Anna, your college crush. I told you I wouldn’t be sticking anything inside me but I’d do anything else cause of the fear of getting any bit of cum in me would make me your slime pet. You didn’t care and I couldn’t stop you. (Rp)
"Son? Babe, you okay? You know I don't have any kids," I lied. When my 21 year old son dropped out of college, I decided to give him a new purpose. I changed reality so he'd be a pretty, pink bimbo. I left his mind mostly unchanged, aside from some new cravings, new hobbies, and some new interests.
My sister and I always have a lot of fun swapping our bodies while one of us is having sex, just for a few minutes as agreed between us. But this time with my best friend fucking her, I think I'll stay in her body until the end!
My boss and my fiancée swapped bodies for an experiment at work. He promised me he would do everything to get the machine up and running again. "Sir how is dressing up in her lingerie gonna help you repair the machine?" I ask in confusion as I find you strutting around instead of working in the lab?
"Dad why are you naked?" my dad just turned around with a mischievous smile "Well son, the rules of swap class are pretty strict and if I even damage her body in the slightest I might be stuck in here. So I can't take the risk and ruin her beautiful tan, now get the suncream and help daddy out"
A better version of me. After the great shift I finally had my neighbor only I wouldn’t be we biting as her
I was asked to house sit my Aunts mansion. She had a pool, sauna, bowling alley and one of those new “Auto Closets”. I decided to try out the Auto Closet and wound up looking like her. I’m not sure how to reverse it and the pool cleaner is coming by later. Please help!
As the older brother I was responsible for the house when our folks went away. So ofc I wouldn't allow my sister to throw a party tonight but she came to me once again with a bet proposition? (rp)
My daughter asked me to swap bodies with her to try and get her out of her relationship. Of course I said yes and went to deal with it straight away. I’ve had hundreds of texts since I’ve been here the most recent reading “Where are you mum just got home?!” To which I replied with a simple selfie ;p
After the great shift my racing career went down the drain, I couldn’t keep up the necessary levels of fitness looking like this! Now I’m just reserved to playing on simulators and occasionally streaming when I get desperate for money, I guess my new assets help me bring in some fans…
my friend gave me some weird post its that when they stick on you can change you… i’ve added skinny, dyed hair, much much more too. wanna stick some on my new body?
I was one of the stars of Mistress Sarah's Sissy Show, where young criminals are 'reformed' through feminization. It was currently the highest rated show in America. But even as a guest on the Tonight Show, my life was a nightmare. They kept turning my vibrating plug on and off without warning...
“Awh come on it’s just a bit of fun! You are the only one who isn’t having a good time look Jess doesn’t mind being in my body” I smile pointing to your gf flirting with whoever is in your mothers body. “We bought the family package for a reason kiddo so try not to ruin it for every else”
Our Greek Council has a spirit week just after finals for all Fraternity / Sorority houses on campus. This year our sibling Sorority Sisters decided to body swap with us to build an even deep bond between houses. Tonight is the Greek formal and we are ready to dance the night away.
I was always someone who wanted to wait to get married. You never believed it was possible. We ended up making a huge bet and seeing that my wedding was coming up you'd have to pay. I had no idea how far you were willing to go until you invited me over to show off your new body and win that bet!
I saw an ad to model for a local artist. I figured it was easy money, so I’d sign up. When I walked into his house, my body changed. Now I’m posing as half naked woman (RP)
I was asleep when the great shift happened, but I certainly noticed its effects when I woke up in an airplane, seated in-between my cousins and in the body of the youngest one! (RP)
“Dude your such an idiot, why didn’t you plan a way back and why didn’t you tell me we’d end up in other peoples bodies?” It sounded cool at first but after my friend sent us back in time I’m starting to realize this wasn’t a good idea. (Rp dm/chat)
You would have thought that becoming the single hottest women on the planet in a second would be incredible and well it was. Until your family rejects you, no one wants to be associated with you and you become the figurehead for everything wrong with the patriarchy, now I am almost entirely alone.
When I found out my friend had shapeshifting powers I was amazed, I asked him to change into a bunch of people. I asked him to turn into the hottest girl in school Zoe and he changed into her. He tried to change back but he couldn't now his pissed at me apparently he stuck for a week now. (RP)
(MtF4ApF) It’s been a year since Billy joined the League. He trusted them enough to reveal the real him. As time went on, WonderWoman started to feel something for Billy, Shazam form, or not. Billy was on the couch snacking when WW came by to talk (Dm to Rp Detailed rpers only plz)
I couldn’t believe it, yesterday you were my rude, jock roommate but now you’re slutty girl who screams as my penis thrusts into you, the gender wave has turned you to a moaning bitch
I want to do a exchange but was to poor to do one so I signed up to a swap app and managed to swap bodies with a girl in a different country for a month (rp wanted gm please)
We live in a fantasy world with a similar tech level as modern-day. After a rare magic event we ended up getting are bodies swapped permanently. You're now me, a 19-year-old elf nerdy girl. Who did I become?
25 [F4M] Possess a girl's body and come fuck my man's brains out for me!
Swap cons were nothing new. Usually it'd come in the form of a long distance swap. I thought I had been careful, though. But clearly not careful enough... I was suppose to swap with another guy, but instead I ended up as this woman!! I have no idea who she is or even where I am!! (RP wanted!)
I'd Give Anything to Switch Places With That Guy
(You) The Joker had found a way to be body swapped with Harley Quinn. You had this all planned out to take down the Bat…but it went differently in your head than in action…how were you to know how big Batman was and how much Harley’s desires would take over! (Rp wanted, 18+)
I had recently found a way to take over versions of myself from different dimensions, until now it worked without any issues, but my most recent change put me in a world filled with heros and monsters. In this world I was powerless and born a woman, oddly enough i can't seem to change back. (dm2rp)
My buddy Ryan always sends me “gainz updates” during his many trips to the gym— they used to annoy me, until I found that reality device. Now I usually invite him over after for some extra protein. He has no idea anything has changed!
Good morning class. Today we are going to learn about thigh-gaps. [f]40
Being the mom for once
I always was really mean with the girls, I have a lot of money and my life solved, I can't chose anyone. Until I dated a witch, she swap our bodies and curse my mind to act and think like she, now she's me and took me to his apartment
I had found a magical necklace whenever I put it on it changes my gender to a female where should I head out to tonight (ama rp wanted)
Things in your D&amp;D group had gotten a lot more interesting after your DM used some strange device to transform all the players into copies of their characters. The party's cleric now looked exactly like his petite elf girl, which had gotten quite distracting for you and your party. (CHAT TO RP)
I took an extra strength Xchange pill before my vacation! I figured I'd try the new "exotic" blend. "Hey guys, I was just reading this bottle or Xchange Exotic, and it says if I get pregnant the effects may be permanent. Got any suggestions?"
I was turning 50 today and my kids knew I was bummed about it. They said they’d make sure I had an awesome birthday. I blacked out and now I look like this. “What? I’m a 20 year old girl? How long does this last?” I ask my kids. (RP)
“Aw who’s my good girl” I say with a smirk, I can’t believe the app worked, it advertised it can change anybody to anyone, I used it to turn you from a jock bully to a thick girl
When the FOSE hit, I was shamelessly jerking it to porn. Ava Addams, to be specific. I ended up being the 'lucky' one to swap with her. She was in the middle of a recording and, mmmm, god... he has no idea... (Roleplay?)
We had decided to take a new supplement from a suspicious man in the gym in an attempt to see more progress quickly. But this supplement did something completely different and we found ourselves transforming from Gym Rats to Gym babes!! (RP always open)
They said the fountain of youth was just a legend. After devoting my entire life to finding it, I am happy to say that’s not the case. As soon as I stepped into the clear water, I felt myself changing. However, the legends didn’t say anything about becoming a woman. Best keep this secret to myself…
Going through Omegle, Alice found a pervert masturbating, for some reason she decided to stay to humilliate him and record everything, but it backfired to her when he cummed at the moment the FOSE hit the planet, swapping their bodies. Now Alice's body was being used as the pervert pleases.
My son was tired of my gambling addiction. To pay off my debt he sold my body at the Swap Clinic and had my consciousness transferred into an obedient servant doll. This is so degrading and humiliating! (Rp)
I had been aiming to get with Abby’s older sister, whom I very much had the hots for. Abby was secretly infatuated with me, while her older sister barely noticed that I was even alive. After waking up inside of Abby’s body one morning, I guess my chances are even slimmer of ever being noticed now.
These were cursed by a witch in the 1500s. She used them to trade places with an innocent, and they continue to keep this power. I wanted to take a pic, but found myself in this girl in some museum across the country. “Haha, very funny girl. You’re more bitchy than witchy” someone says as I stand
“Dude I woke up as a chick you need to help me I’m scared” *I had gone through second puberty overnight and it was quite the shock!* (RP)
I was stuck at work when my wife sent me this picture “babe what the hell is that? How do you have a dick?” I had no idea she could swap genitals with anyone she wanted!
"He actually did it," I was stunned. I lost my body, my life, my education... the whole shebang... to my son's wife in a drunken bet. Well, my son got tired of me constantly moping around, refusing to play the role of 'wife', and spanked me! (Roleplay)
[M4A] Become my new girlfriend (Long term Romantic Roleplay) (Rp)
One day, I suddendly wake up in the body of girl I never met before! How could this happen...and what will I do? This girl seems to live like she' s some sort of princess, but that' s definitely not how I would want to live!
Swap class: week 1. So I signed up for a summer course my college offers called swapology! Every week we swap with one else in the class and post our journey online. Assignment 1 is to see what people would like to see from the course!
I still can’t believe that wizard accepted your wish and swapped you with Diana! Now you’re Wonder Woman but you aren’t even a hero anymore…you’re more of an e-girl thot! But to be honest…I’m not complaining! Look at what you’re showing off!🤤
"Hey Babe" Eric said to his gf as he looked around the college library. "Just got out of swap class and this is the new me for a month. What do you think of these?" "Those look bigger than mine. We're going to have fun this weekend when I come up and visit." His gf excitedly replied.
Oh no! It’s seems (you) The Joker has been body swapped with Cat-woman. You are not one to let a new opportunity go to waste. However long you are in this hot new body, you are gonna have fun! First thing on your mind…time to be a home wrecker “Where is that Bat-family” (Rp wanted, 18+)
"omg my biggest dream comes true finally i can fuck my brother"
Over time, you started to shape up into my ideal woman. After spiking your food and drinks for months with ground up x-change pills, I was ready to test out your new body
"That's yes MOM" I correct you with a grin. This morning your mom and I swapped bodies after falling into each other, and I seem to be enjoying my new body and power quite a bit (rp)
"Peach Salinger, interior designer and spoilt rich girl" i sigh, putting 'my' phone away. I've died to many times, each time i get reincarnated as someone new each time, now i'm this rich girl, guess it could be worse... shit! this bitch is a social media nutcase! (RP)
I was having sex with my girlfriend last night when the thought of my hot neighbor popped into my mind. The FOSE happened but had a delayed reaction. The next morning I woke up to go to the bathroom, I reached down and felt nothing between my legs. I looked at the mirror and saw her face (RP)
I took my mom to a museum for her birthday as she was a huge history nerd. I found a room filled with strange statues and one caught my eye, it looked like two people trading places. I touched it and went into a trance, mom grabbed me to see if I was OK and suddenly we both passed out. (DM for RP)
How many of you VR chat? If not you should watch this video.
"Seriously? Bothering me now? with what?.... Oh! Shit the permanent X-change, okay, gimmie. Stream! You guys ready? No more guy me!" I swallow the X-change you just gave me, and the money poured in... streaming as a girl on X-change made me so much ash... now I'm doing it forever!
Uh oh! It’s seems (you) The Joker has been body swapped with Harley Quinn. You are not one to overthink or let something go to waste. However long you are in this curvy thicc new body, your gonna have fun. First thing on your mind “where are those heroes” (Rp wanted, 18+)
My wife is out of town for a while, so it’s just me and my daughter. She knows I’m always up for a bet, so I get one each day. One day ‘get your eyebrows plucked’, the next: ‘get lip injections’, etc. I don’t realize that by the time my wife gets back, I’ll look like a whole new man… or woman. (RP)
I made some powerful enemies as part of business deals gone wrong, so my wife, my son, and I were put in Witness Protection. They said that the furthest thing from a couple with a son was a single dad with two daughters. So my son and I are now women in our early 20s and my wife is our dad (RP)
We had a plan to possess too cheerleaders. I went first, and as you entered the women's changing room, I turned around with a grin to show it was successful. Who are you going to possess? (rp)
You were my best friend. I went over your house before you got there and your sister gave me a bimbo pill. You walk in. “OMG dude, like what took you so long? I’ve like been waiting forever!! Do you like my new earrings?” (RP)
[F2F] [RP] "Oh, please. Stop being a prude. You should be thanking me. Your grandmother agreed to pay for the down-payment on our house and all I have to do is let her borrow my body for a week," your girlfriend in your grandmother's body smiled at you...
We’d barely texted after matching a few weeks ago on Hinge, so you were surprised to see a call from me on FaceTime. Regardless you hopped on your bed and tried to look busy before hitting accept- in an instant you jolted forward and were now looking down at your own body through a phone screen
The Celebrity Exchange has truly blessed me this year! I now get to be Daisy Ridley for the rest of my life…since she doesn’t deal with the Star Wars Backlash, I’ll deal with it for her! Plus….her body is really quite excellent….and it looks amazing in yoga pants. (Open for RP!)
"Come on babe, I already apologized, why would you turn me inot your sister ? This is not right, what do you want from me...?" Clearly your girlfriend is pissed, and the only way to gets her (and your body) back, is to do as she says... even if it means coping with her weird requests ! (RP in dm's)
When I found the reality remote I knew I wanted to have some fun with it, When my friend said he wanted to hang out at the arcade I knew this was my opportunity. I saw this hot lady with a great ass I pressed the button and now my friend thinks he has always looked like her its crazy! (RP)
(M4A) There was no way in hell you just spent the last 24 years, raising your son to become the perfect husband... Only for him to get married to some random bitch?! You hired a shaman to transfer your soul into your son's wife, all that was left to do is show him the perks of dating an older woman~
Stacy was helping out her dad with the shopping but she was so tired to continue, so she went to the car to sleep. When she woke up she found herself in the driver seat of another car, looking around she was shocked by the sight of her own body naked from the bottom and fingering her asshole.
"Okay dude you won fair and sque here you go", a week ago me and my sister mysterious swapped places we still don't know why but we both wanted back to our old body's as quick as we can, "Okay round 2 bro" (RP)
When I signed up to help my local community out. I expected to help them get their pleasure back, not to pleasure them
For our anniversary, you decided that you wanted to swap bodies so we could have a new experience. When I saw the white dress you picked to wear I knew it was going to be fun
This girl sucked my dick at a club, the guilt was eating me up and I told her, she was furious, she used a machine to turn me into a girl, she said if I survive a month as a girl she’ll take me back, this so weird and annoying, I’m too pretty it’s embarrassing
I tried on this chocker that was supposed to be cursed, when I tried it on it turned me into the ideal woman of the closest man to me which was my roommate, I can’t take off the chocker or these ridiculous clothes, this is so embarrassing
"What's happening?" I awoke to find myself in the body of some woman I didn't know I'm front of a mirror. "Wait. is that....blood!" I was starting to panic, why was I bloody? before I finally focused on the rest of the mirror. This was an elevator. And there was the bloody carnage (More in captions)
My sister and I were done dirty. The pills our mom gave us to ‘mellow us out’ just swapped our bodies. But being hormonal young adults ruined her idea. We were so horny. So grimy for each other. We knew incest was wrong, and we tried to avoid it. Until my sister slipped my dick inside me by mistake
I was broke and saw a poster that a science institute needed volunteers for an experiment, and would pay. They turned me into a beautiful woman. But I needed more. Modeling was my next job, but they don’t pay well enough. That’s how I turned to porn. Money makes a man do a lot of questionable things
"Hey Babe!" Sean said as he facetimed his gf. "Just got out of swap class. How do you like the new me for a month? Wait until you see these." He looked around making sure no one was watching. "Those are bigger than mine!" his gf replied, "I can't wait to see you. We're going to have so much fun!"
I went to a strip club for my birthday and was having a great time. Eventually it came down time to pay and I was broke. The owner came over with a drink and I took it. He said there was an x-change in it and one way or another I was paying my debt off that night and this is me now. (DM for RP)
My jaw dropped. In front of me was my mothers body sprawled naked on the bed. I’d figured this was coming, a month ago my girlfriend and my mom swapped bodies in a freak accident. We’ve made it work somehow but we haven’t had sex since the swap
After possessing my best friends sisters body, I thought I’d have some fun and go to the beach. After I got back to her house, something felt weird. All I could thing of was how horny I am. Oh no, her brother is back. (RP wanted)
My sentence was up and I was excited, but first I had to pass a weird program, it did two things vetted people for potential release and for strict parents to scare their kids. So I was assigned a partner and swapped with them, sure I might be carrying some extra baggage but freedom smells so good!
Uh oh! It’s seems (you) The Joker has been body swapped with Harley Quinn. You are not one to overthink or let something go to waste. However long you are in this curvy thicc new body, your gonna have fun. First thing on your mind “where are those heroes” (Rp wanted, 18+)
I need a good bud to become a girl I love. long term possibly romantic rp. I will provide the pictures as you fully become her as you will love how I fuck you, use you, love you. kik wereartthou
Another successful body possession I run a business where I possess anyone u simply live out there life in a way that makes the customer happy 8/10 times it was a dad who had a spoiled rich daughter gone wild this time it was a girls older sister who just wanted her sweet baby sis back
Ask me anything you want, by the way.
The Third Ti.e Is The Charm
I was with my grandmother when we found this old lamp with a genie in the attic. He allowed us a wish. My grandmother wanted to be young again and I wished to have Tifa from FFVII as my girlfriend. The genie considered that both of our wishes could be fulfilled in one.
since I became a woman, my former best friend Jhon distanced himself from me and started treating me like just another girl. Also Jhon spread a rumor that my new boobs and butt were plastic so I sent him a private video and he can see my huge boobs and fat ass are completely natural and mine💗
You were a private eye, and promised me half of the reward money if I let you use my body to get close to your target. After a number of weeks, I asked to meet again to see how you were progressing with the case.
I started a travel agency that allows you to swap places with yourself in a different dimension! I don’t think I’ll ever go back to my old self
Both your girlfriend and you knew that I had a crush on you, my best friend. Today, you two offered me to go to the Swap Clinic and to swap bodies with her so I could be with you. After the swap, the staff told me that she has ran off in my body and they can’t seem to reach her. Now what? (RP)
Ever since the great shift swapped me and my daughter. Life has been really wild. You’ve been helping me get used to being a girl, while I help you get used to being a guy (RP wanted)
I quickly regretted jacking it during the FOSE. I was thinking about my crush, but my older sister walked into my room at the wrong time! Out of respect to her, I didn’t even look at her naked. But when this was said to be permanent, I caved and called up her ex to help release my sexual tension.
My son couldn't seem to get his life together. he spent half his money on this E-girl named Belle, I tried to contact her to get her to block him but she just said he'd get what he wanted eventually, I thought Nothing of it until I woke up looking exactly like her
Going from boy wonder to busty psycho clown isn't ideal, Joker set a trap for batman only to catch robin instead. now I'm stuck in the batcave as a horny clown while Harley is doing who knows what with my body!
Ii got into a car crash I was nearly dead when they swapped me into this girls body that was brain dead now I have a new life (rp wanted looking for a gm)
I know you said you needed to take her body so you can check on me after my surgery but I don't think you need to straddle me and take your shirt off like that!
I was a really scrawny loser and wanted to bulk up. I ordered this protein powder that had strange side effects in big doses. I used the whole tub. Throughout the work out I realized the farther I went the more I changed and by the time I was done not only was I toned I was a milf too. (DM for RP)
(M4A) Ever since your doctor gave you a prostate exam, you haven't been able to cum without stimulating your ass~ At first, just your fingers were enough, then you started using dildos, but recently, you've been craving more~ You were straight, but it wasn't gay to get off using your butt, right?
I should've been playing in the homecoming game as the star quarter back and taking my date to the dance today but I got wrapped up with the mob and steroid dealings, I'm now in this witness protection program stuck indefinitely with my new life, I wish I could just go outside and toss the football
4going from boy wonder to big tittied clown is quite the adjustment, Joker set a trap that was supposed to catch batman, only I got in the way and ended up in Harley's buxom body.
‘I’m never gonna leave this body’ I thought to myself as I was feeling up my tits. Ashley was my classmate and pain in my ass, as the popular girl and bully. I decided to steal her body to find some blackmail material but it turned out that her family was about to go on a expensive holiday. Perfect!
You decided to try and get some revenge on your son's bully, by possessing his girlfriend and finding our some humiliating secrete about him, you never thought you'd find yourself taking a throat pie from him.
My girlfriend got so pissed at me for being only interested in sex. She thought by ‘giving me a female experience’ would ‘solve’ me. I only made it worse because I wanted to spite her. So now, I’m going to dress and act like a slut just to get on her nerves until she caved in and switches us back
I was wishing for a big tiddy sooner girlfriend when the fose hit and I ended up becoming someone else's. It's been a week now and I'm really enjoying it. (Rp in Dm)
Of all the people to get stuck in it had to be this powerless female, it had to be Richard's fault. no matter, the form I take shall not impact my goals of world domination! for I am Victor Von Doom! Sovereign of Latveria! and...currently curvy woman...
Having a body hopping father had its ups and downs, as you were well aware of. You planned to spend two weeks at a resort with your best friends. Shortly after getting there you get a text from your best friend, "I'm sorry, sweetie. I couldn't resist~"
"Why you look at me? Is ok?" I ask in broken english as I realize you are looking at me since I took the first sip of the drink you gave me. (RP in DMs, 21+ only)
"Yeah so, I used your GFs body?" I exclaim as you scold me for it, "It's not like I did anything stupid with it, I just checked out the new women's gym." I defend myself, but you're infuriated about it. "It's fine, really. The effect wears off tomorrow or so", but that doesn't help calming you. [RP]
"Wow... we sure are pretty!" You had just rented your body out to me... which seemed fine at first, until you realized I wasn't going to let you leave your body before I got in! Now, we were sharing... and you, a gorgeous model... were stuck with me, a horny guy controlling you!
Your lifelong dream was to travel around the world and to immerse yourself in other cultures. An untimely accident left you dead but as a ghost, you were able to fulfill your dream by possessing random peoples bodies at the airport. Here you are, immersing yourself using the body of a Chinese woman.
It's bad enough that my brother turned me into a girl. but now every time I need to go some where I have to pay him to drive me and he always pulls his cock out when driving.
I was taking Phoenix disease badly, since my transformation I’ve not left the house. My family tried desperately to make me feel better eventually I realised I had to accept it. So to thank them I threw a little coming out bbq and it’s been better than expected especially meeting my girls bf’s!
Great, i was on a nightclub partying with my friends and someone sliped me a xchange pill in my drink, come on man! like i knew you couldn't get laid but this?
Even though I was 18, my parents hired a babysitter. The worst part? She was only a year older. I was absolutely pissed...but I could work with it. I decided it only made snese for my babysitter to be atleast twice that age. And of course, it only made sense that she should play with me. (Rp)
my life as a man was so hard, I wanted to live life on the easier side, after a quick trip to the swap clinic I'm living easy with a new life and new job
“Dude your such an idiot, why didn’t you plan a way back and why didn’t you tell me we’d end up in other peoples bodies?” It sounded cool at first but after my friend sent us back in time I’m starting to realize this wasn’t a good idea. (Rp dm/chat)
My friends begged me to come. As soon as I entered the island I was changed into a male. However my body was given to someone who rigged the system. Someone from our party made sure they paid extra so my body went to my long time high school bully. Everyone was at the night party. So was my body.
You were practicing magic from an old book you found. Some how, you did a spell that would mash minds into one body. The next morning, i wake up and i went to the bathroom, yawning. But when i saw my reflection, i saw i had two different color eyes. “What the hell?” I didn’t know you were in my head
50 Members WOW
After moving to US I wanted green card. An agent suggested a easy way and gave me some pills. After few hours all I know is I have to be cumslut for some white dude who will also be my husband. Guess what after being in a girls body it actually becomes fun.
After I was caught underage drinking at college, the university gave me two options. Either go to AA meetings and have it go on my record, or go into Swap Therapy. It’s only been a few hours, but I think I made the right choice. (RP)
As Doctor Jones finally found the famous “Time Idol” that was made of myths and legends, something happened. He found himself sent to the future by a whole 100 years and now in the body of a young woman. Where a new adventure awaits
"Let's make a deal, you pretend you don't know anything and I'll reward you with your stepmother's body." An elderly woman appeared saying that she was my stepmother, that her body had been stolen. I caught Olivia laughing at her and confessing, when she realized she made me this offer to stay quiet
"You made it home on time! how was work sweetie? I made you dinner and a nice bottle of wine on the table. I'll get my hands ready for your daily massage while you watch TV and eat dinner. Do you want to do something else afterwards?"
"Yes you should, because Styx doesn't control you anymore, you can dress however you like, and it's hot," I replied to my girlfriend. "Well, alright then," she answered, then tugged at the strings of her panties. Her bodiless soul grimaced, but there was nothing it could do without a corporeal form.
I rolled over in bed feeling something pressing on my chest. I looked down and it was my own breasts! I ran to the bathroom and saw my ex girlfriend starring back at me. I checked out my new body in the bathroom but was interrupted by my old body calling my phone. (RP)
(F4M) About to graduate from college and want to go on holiday! Temporarily selling possession of my body to fund it! Looking for a gross and perverted RP! I’m Limitless! (Feeding pics of her throughout)
(M4A) There was no way in hell you just spent the last 24 years, raising your son to become the perfect husband... Only for him to get married to some random bitch?! You hired a shaman to transfer your soul into your son's wife, all that was left to do is show him the perks of dating an older woman~
"I'm sorry Ms. Helen, I was just taking a peak." For some reason, me and my hot high school teacher. When she took me back to her apartment, I couldn't help but take a peak. she doesn't seem excited to be a senior in high school again. I wonder what she is going to say to me next?
once you got her into the trance, she was yours. she had become one of many, a group of girls you’ve turned into surrogates for you to live in. her eyes would roll over and you would take over. this one was becoming a favorite RP
I was determined to win against my friend in a game of madden, he said every time I lost to him he would take more and more of my football knowledge away but if I won would I get it back, I've lost track of how many times I've lost at this point "What even is a field goal, omg this game is so hard"
I ran into this witch who promised me three wishes, for my final wish I wished to have her body all to myself, I mean look at those tits, I want to fuck them right now! soon I would have her tits all to myself but I wouldn’t be able to fuck them, only make them bounce so other men wish they could..
I quickly regretted jacking it during the FOSE. I was thinking about my crush, but my older sister walked into my room at the wrong time! Out of respect to her, I didn’t even look at her naked. But when this was said to be permanent, I caved and called up her ex to help l release my sexual tension.
Anyone has good body swap jerk off material to share?
I applied to help my local neighbourhood get more pleasure by helping them out, I never expected to pleasure them in this way
I was video chatting with my girlfriend when she suddenly started shaking, then looking at me with a weird smile as she took all her clothes off. "Oh, I'm going to suck those tits until they get saggy." She said, sounding like another person, the pervert from work who harrassed her recently.
Dude its been 3 weeks why havent i changed back? I asked you. I helped you rob a drug dealer who sold gender swapping pills and when we got caught you made me swallow the bags of them to hide until we were free, little did i know i swallowed enough pills to keep me as a chick for 79 years (Rp)
My girlfriend and my sister just so happened to be best friends. One day sis and her bf were shooting an OF video. What they do is they swap bodies and just fuck their brains out. Well one day as they were setting up my gf went to see her but she accidentally swapped herself and my girlfriend.
"What? You still wanna go on the date? Oh... okay? Sure we can go... sorry for running away for a second there..." I grab another pill from my pocket and swallow, "There, now I have an extra 24 hours as a woman... thanks for staying calm when I told you I was on X-change... most guys freak out!"
My sister’s boyfriend bought tickets for both of them to go to the baseball game, but my sister hates baseball and I love it. So she swapped our bodies. How do I look? (RP)
My sister made my mother and me to change bodies, my mom took it lightly and she to go to my room to masturbate with her new penis, meanwhile my sister is going to force me to go shopping in my woman busty new body wearing a huge neckline where you can see my new huge tits, I don't like the idea😓
I asked my sister to buy me some alcohol but she didn't want to so I cursed her name and the next morning I'm her and found a neat trick I can do with bottles, her boyfriend has been looking at me funny tho(RP)
Before second puberty I was 6'10 and on the varsity basketball team, I was probably the biggest and strongest kid in school but now, well Im barely 5'0 and all the muscle Ive gained over the years has utterly vanished, I mean look at me, I cant even open this stupid bottle with my tiny dainty hands
"How does that feel?" He taps at my chest. I feel the new flesh there bounce in response. My captor seems pleased by the result. "Subject has taken the serum well, secondary female sexual characters are.. well developed". I can't really be female, can I? "Now to assess reproductive potential..."
“Aww you want your body back?” I say to my sister with her voice “you’ve always been such a bitch to me and I think it’s finally time I got some revenge on you” with my soul in her body and hers in mine I can finally have some fun with her~
“Please don’t make me do this dude.” “Sorry man, you made the rules.” I made such an awful bet with my best friend, which I lost. Now, he gets to use the remote I bought and control my every move. He made me in the perfect image of my little sis, and I feel sick that he forces me to masturbate
The man behind the counter said he couldn't serve any milk because it was all expired. Well I needed milk...and it had to come from somewhere. Thankfully with my ability to alter reality he didn't question a thing when his uniform changed and small wetspots formed on his apron. (Rp)
These are so sensitive, I can’t believe how good my new nipples make me feel. I hated my second puberty. I hated my hair, my breasts, and my crotch. But after wearing my sister’s clothes, and just touching them, I finally see the appeal. My god, I could just play with these forever. I feel so tingly
The Realtor I hired kept showing me crappy houses all day, just trying to make a damn sale. He should've tried abit harder, because now he'll be trying with all his might. With his new altered reality, and physical form, he'll do anything to sell property. (Rp)
Finding out I was swapped at birth was weird enough, but finding out I'd be swapping with my slutty ex-girlfriend was nightmarish... she even planned it so we'd swap back while she was getting a facial from her latest boyfriend... ugh!! (Roleplay?)
I let out a sigh as I slid into the warm pool, I owe a lot of money to a lot of people and have been on the run for a little over a month. Last week I took out another loan which I gambled for this weird stone said to give me one last chance. Well bumping into this lady certain swapped my fortunes….
"Okay dude you won fair and square here you go", a week ago me and my sister mysterious swapped body's we still don't know why but we both wanted back to our old selves as quick as we can, "Okay round 2 bro?" (RP)
X-Change seltzers became a huge party drunk on campus. Get drunk and change who you are, it was perfect. I drank a few at a party, and wanted to play a few games. A guy bet me I couldn’t take him in my mouth. I won, but I wish I could tell him to stop touching my tits, but my mouth is full of cock
My two shapeshifter friends decided to surprise me on my vacation, they disguised themselves as two milfs and I got sent this video and a text… it said “Be ready for two milfs to rock your world~” Needless to say, I hope they arrive soon! (RP)
your new body dripped with sex appeal, just the way you liked it. once a strong alpha male, you were granted the power to swap with any body and once you got your first taste as a pretty girl, you couldn’t go back RP
This remote control is called the “womaniser 3000” it said it allows men to control women but when I used it, I got turned into a girl, whenever I try to use it just makes my clothes disappear
I really love going to the swap resort. By using some extra cash I always get the perfect bodies. Seems however that this girl in my original body can’t help but to follow me the entire day and stare. Luckily I don’t mind taking her up to my room later
Being a hopper for hire was probably the best job I could manage to work. I would spend hours or even days as people for a price, but this time is different. You’re making me feel something… and I don’t want to steal poor Valentina’s life, but I’m starting to think I want to stay… (RP)
I'm so glad the FOSE hit last week! One day I'm jerking to my neighbour and the next day I'm her!! I really enjoy teasing her just like she did once to me, every time I get out like this she just gets in her room and starts crying. Here I am, wearing a hot black bikini, hope she's enjoying the view
Me and my step sister got hit with the gender wave, we were both extremely horny, we needed each other, when are parents left I came in naked and the rest was history
I argued with my gf after she made me go to an Olivia Rodrigo concert. I said that the only guys that go to that concert are dragged there by their girlfriends. Well somehow I wound up in Olivia’s body and speak into the mic. “If there’s any single guys here, meet me backstage after the show.”(RP)
She gets drunk and lets guys use her throat
I’m a broke college student but I still wanted to experience spring break, I took a x-change pill because hot girls get free drinks, I was drinking for maybe a hour before I took home some dude, god I’m such a slut
(M4MtF) When you first came home after your bottom surgery, your roommate asked if he could use your new pussy to get off. You decided why the hell not, it felt good for you too after all~ A year has passed, you've fully transitioned, and your roommate's been using you as a fleshlight every night~
I’ve planned this out for months and the night is finally here. My parents are away, my brother over out to live with his girlfriend, and my sister is out all night. I walk into my sister’s bedroom, grab a tank top and panties, and take the xchange pill I bought. “Damn I look good as a girl!” (RP)
[MtF4GM/A] I went away for the summer… well things didn’t go as planned. Long story short… I’m not Nick anymore. I’m Nicole… I didn’t mean for this to happen. I’m not happy it did but there’s nothing I can do about it now. class is going to be dreadful. I wonder what my friends will say.
After struggling to not to cum during no nut November my friend suggested me to try a spell transforming my body into a trans. If i cum i would be stuck in the body this was supposed to be the reason to stop me from cuming. But after few hours as a trans i couldn't hold it in.
Possessing Daisy Ridley while she was giving an interview might have not been the best idea. “Yeah…yeah, I had a great time working on…that project. Are we done?” All I wanted to do was check out my new body.
I’ve contracted the gender virus, life’s been pretty boring having to quarantine in my apartment, I’ve just be walking around naked and playing with my cat both of them ;)
My buddy Jake is a fitness coach. After going to the clinic, he made me a routine to tone my new squishy silhouette. Three weeks in, I was already noticing the results. That's when things got really intense real fast: let's just say I thanked him in the most intimate way my hot body could! No homo.
My friend had a crush on me and found a wishing coin. His words got mixed and wished “he wasn't gay and that we could be in a relationship.” Asking for two things made it to go haywire. Now he's the man and I'm a wife and I'm totally crushing on him. Why can't I stop thinking about him naked?
Transmission Log: I have crashed on a highly primitive planet, after searching for a viable host, I discovered one in a terrestrial vehicle as it’s mate was off urinating. I will update once I have more time to myself, he is returning! (RP)
I look down to you as you sit on the ground, still unable to wrap my head around what you just told me. “Okay… one more time. What do you mean she stole your body?” (RP)
After my dad’s divorce, i’ve been with him through it all. So he thought it would be a good idea to take a x-change pill to thank me for being with him through all of it. I was packing my stuff, about to move out, but i hear foot steps, turning around and i saw him. “Hey dad” i turned to him (rp)
Your sister walks into the living room and sees you. “Hey dude, how come you never told me you had a smoking hot sister? It’s me Jake McCann. I partnered with her in swap class. So I guess I’m her for a few months.” Jake was a jock football player who was kind of a bully to you. (RP)
After a DnD night Aaron woke up in an unfamiliar house, while he was looking at "himself" at the mirror he heard the voice of his former highschool bully calling her: hey Ann are you ready to go to the airport? Dad said on the phone that you can't be mad at him forever while he's at NZ
You are in your bed, horny like always. You watch some porn and see an ad for one of those strange porn games. It was called "Slut Adventure" without thinking much about it you click on the ad and pass out! Moments later you wake up in a women's body. You look down at her phone and see "Level 1 Jen"
Sex is Sweeter
my neighbor was the hottest girl ive seen, no wonder she is a model. so i was super ecstatic when i found these body swap spells. not only that, but her sister was in town, so of course i had to let my best friend also get in on it. we are now taking their modeling to a whole new level.
my neighbor was the hottest girl ive seen, no wonder she is a model. so i was super ecstatic when i found these body swap spells. not only that, but her sister was in town, so of course i had to let my best friend also get in on it. we are now taking their modeling to a whole new level.
What's In Her Ass?
With a little help from her friend
Test
I got a body swap remote for my birthday and really liked fucking with people. I saw this fat hairy guy in his early fifties asleep on the beach with his family and swapped him with this 19 year old blonde girl in a cabana. Now I just sit and see how they react. (RP)
I need a good bud to become a girl I love. long term possibly romantic rp. I will provide the pictures as you fully become her as you will love how I fuck you, use you, love you. kik wereartthou
I get home from work and see my wife with these two girls. “Hi honey, you know how we’ve always wanted daughters? Well for the next week, meet Jenna and Allie. Josh and Alex agreed to this for an early Mother’s Day present for me.” (RP)
Congratulations on your own tits. We knew you wouldn't resist for long and eventually join us on the side of femininity. Cheers!
Lending your controller to your friend
“I can’t wait to look at myself naked” I thought to myself as jimmy was talking, possessing Lizzie during a interview might not have been the best idea, oh well to late now, her body is mine for 48hr
I woke up one day in this body, after freaking out, I came over to your place to show you what happened.. You tried to convince me that it wasn't so bad
I did it! I removed my cock and a pussy formed in its place!! I couldn’t stop fucking myself with my old cock. But then I accidentally left it in the bathroom after my shower. It’s gone now. Who took my cock? (RP)
No.No.NO, this a nightmare! I downloaded this dating app that matches you with your ideal woman, I typed in, blond, nice boobs and cute, when I was done I felt my body tingle, now I’m stuck in the body of my ideal girl, this is so embarrassing
Anyone want to do a swap where I go from young woman to horny older guy? But I want you to play someone other than my old body. Like my new body’s wife or my best friend
Money had been especially tight lately. I had to take the job I could get, but working as a guy for a maid service didn't exactly pay well. So when a creepy guy offered to tip me way extra to take an X-Change, I took it shamefully. He forgot to mention the added compulsions that came with it.
when I told my parents that I dreamed of being a woman they kicked me out of the house,so as revenge after becoming a woman and getting huge tits I recorded a video for them to see their former privileged son being a beautiful woman fucked by astud man while bouncing her huge tits with a big smile😁💗
I was a huge fan of this pop star and I was obsessed with him. I started to look into the occult so I could make him mine. Well turns out I should have been careful, because the spell made me possess his body, in the middle if his concert no less, forcing his body to cum from the sensation ! (RP)
Let's make up some very detailed new lives for each other (chat)
I had been working from home since the pandemic. My crazy ex-girlfriend stole my body a few months ago when we broke up, and I haven’t told them about it. I was hoping she would come back, but we have to return to the office soon. Advice??
“No get me out” I scream, my friend pushed me into a cursed pool that slowly turns men into women, it’s starting to affect my body, I look feminine and my clothes have changed
When explaining your decision to undergo full-body and facial cosmetic zendayification to your son, make sure you're both comfortable and pour yourself a drink. It's important not to appear ashamed of the new you, so display your surgically-sculpted beauty for him to see
I stopped by my bully’s house and demanded that he stop messaging my mom about me. One thing led to another. he made me wear my moms clothes, turned me and possesd me kk -lastboi9. discord-cookiebar#5394
"I keep my promises." Since you first saw her, you've had a crush on Tiff but she's never been accepting of your advances. One day you said you'd bring me on your spring break trip if she ever sent you a boob pic, I promised you would get one and well... I keep my promises.
I had been the family's butler for decades, but when I passed away in my sleep, I awoke in the body of the maid... Little did I know she was having an affair with our employer
You and your dad had always been game buddies. That didn't change after you left for college or after the Role Exchanger turned him into a shameless bimbo. Gaming sessions were, however, more awkward now... (Roleplay)
As a hopper I look at people just like how rich men look at cars. I have a "garage" full of rides. Only they don't know it yet. This one looks fun to me, whilst not the prized possession of my collection she is the ol' reliable. Always getting the job done. The fun me and her have had..
"You think it's easy to be a girl and reject all the teasing and flirting from other guys? Why dont you be me for 2 days?" I said and before you knew it you were in my body as I watched you teased and used by every random strangers (RP)(discord)(M4A)
My friends live in a small town and the swap port is closer than the actual airport. I had hoped to be in a body nearer my actual age but I guess I still lucked out when Kitty was the only one available! Sure I have to bum drinks off my friends since I can’t buy them myself but it could be worse!
“..I’ll teach that bitch for fat shaming me, no guy will ever love me okay we will see about that.” I didn’t know what was about to happen with this spell I found online, I didn’t care if it was permanent as long as that bitch paid for the months of torture, my target was you her boyfriend..
(M4A) "Thanks again for transfering your soul into a sex doll~" Your injured roommate would coo as you lowered yourself onto his throbbing cock~ While you couldn't reply... Or show any expressions at all, you hoped that the extra gusto you rode his length with would be an adequate response~
My Cousin was quite the weird, pervy guy, and he sorta upset me quite abit when he said some odd things about my sister. Like "How perfect she'd be with a bigger chest." And honestly that was the final straw. If he wanted too see it so bad, I figured he could live it. (Rp)
I was lucky enough to be part of the first ever swap class... but they found some really unforseen circumstances. For one, I'm stuck in this girls body forever now... and secondly, I have never had to control this body, so my muscles are all out of whack! I can't hold my pee! I have to wear THIS!
"Heeeeyyyy!! At least knock first!!" I gasp as you walk in on me. A government experiment gone wrong caused your pervy neighbor to end up swapped with your pregnant wife. The agents made it clear, everyone MUST keep the swaps a complete secret until it can be fixed...
roleplay - "що в біса трапилося зі мною? я товста жінка" I scream as I look down at my fat middle aged body. I signed a petition to help Ukrainian refugees and thought nothing of it.until I went home and woke up as a fat, middle aged Ukrainian woman!! my friends and family will never believe this
"God thanks for meeting me" my son brought over his new girlfriend and for some reason after she spent the night at our house me and her swapped body's where still trying to figure out why, glad I got out the house tho and was spending some time with a friend (RP)
I tried something in the style of @Robinhood38
I can do whatever I fucking want! Ever since becoming a student due to an uneven number I have been able to get anything I want. These boys don’t even care I used to be a 50 year old guy they only seem to see my tits but who cares I haven’t had to lift a finger or pay for anything for three weeks!
When you and your friend prepare a spell so she can switch places with the popular +18 girl she's jealous of, but it backfires and you end up trading places with Eleanor instead. But you then remember how mean she was to you and you decide to check out her tits and one thing leads to the other...
You are in your bed, horny like always. You watch some porn and see a ad for one of those strange porn games. It was called "Slut Adventure" without thinking much about it you click on the ad and pass out! moments later you wake up in a females body.
I never did get a break from being bullied, and with this whole Bimbo-Virus going around, I though i could catch it so i can go to class without people recognizing me... Sadly i turned slowly so they knew, and they made me do even worse things. I have no respect from anyone anymore...
It’s my cake day , make me a sexy princess for mommy . (RP)
The effects of the swap pill are temporary as long as I don't taste any cum... oops
The Head Cheerleader was a stone cold bitch, and was ridiculously annoying. She made fun of me because I didn't have a parent show up for my Football Match. Well, with alittle bit of help, I was able to get rid of her and gain a Mother too come to quite a few events. (Rp)
I just wanted to be close to you. You barely saw me I was like a fly on the wall to you. I did what anyone would do. I hopped into your mother and tried getting close to you this way. I wanted you to love me, I wanted you to understand me. Maybe I could understand you. Maybe we could be happy as one
Stranded! The swap clinic has been shut down. Here are more stories of those stuck in bodies not their own, forever!
An experiment gone wrong (part 1)
I created a subreddit espacially for Body Swap stories, captions and caption stories, pls take a look and post a lot crosspost and reposting stuff from here and other subreddits is welcomed
You dared me to wear a bra as a prank and you said you’d pay me $100. But when I put on the bra, I started filling it out. “What the fuck? Whose bra is this and why do I actually have tits?” (RP)
My parents forced me to take my bratty lil sis with me on spring break. I took control of her to teach her a lesson... but now I'm kinda liking all the attention. Maybe I'll stay a while.
I was at a party when I bump into this chick I blacked out for a couple of seconds when I opened my eyes I was in her body and my body was gone (rp wanted)
“Greg, can you slow down on the drinks?” My wife seethes next to me. Greg, in her body, just laughs. “Chill out, Jen! Matt and I used to drink way more than this in college.” I grimace - we need to undo this accident ASAP.
I hate how the young kids call me "boomer". It passes me off. But my son told me that using tiktok can help me fit in with them. Well, he was serious. I'm a young woman. And he wants his dick to fit in me. Rp?
Teaching in a university was hard, but I didn't do it for the money. I was a hopper, within a University I could run around and be who I want and when I wanted, surrounded by people who are here to have fun. Sex, drugs and alcohol was why I went for this job, and here is tonights body
"You think its easy to be a girl and reject teasing and flirting from other guys? why dont you be me for few days!" I shouted at my boyfriend and before he knew it, we have swapped places and now I get to see him get teased and used in my body.(Discord)(rp)
You said I could stay with you rent free if I somehow became a hot babe... I just sent you this selfie when you told me to pay my half of the rent
I guess you could say I was abit overreactive when the Starbucks employee told me they were out of Milk. But can you blame me? I was having a pretty bad day. I can atleast say his never ending supply of milk and new uniform will draw in customers (Rp)
You mom was running up the stairs and you hear a trip. When you go to see her she's passed out. Only to awaken calling you a dofus. It looks like your bully has hopped her again. Only this time there's no pranking it's straight him wanting to please himself. He's become addicted to being your mother
I’ve been stuck as a girl now for a month, all my female friends hate how manly I’ve been acting and how I haven’t embraced my feminine side, you offered to make me a “real” girl, I thought I could handle it but I’m lying on my back as I Moan like a girly slut, your cock stole my manhood
when my mother changed bodies with me she expected me to make the important decisions as the new woman of the house, but the next day I kicked her out of the house,I makeup and called all the bullies in my school, now she is watching from the window like the bullies they fuck me in their old body🥳💗
I started a company with my bff we ended up making millions but he got greedy he wanted me out of the picture I woke up one day in a new room and as a girl I send him a selfie saying you can’t get away with this he just sent sorry miss wrong number (dm to discuss rp I want long term clean and dirty)
Not stopping till her mind melts
My best friend knew I had a huge crush on my neighbor, he also has possession abilities. I didn't think he could be an even better best friend because he already is the best, but when he possessed her he said he would send me sexy pictures. This is the photo he sent me today. (RP)
Welp, It seems that getting run over by a truck is one way of getting isekaid. I arrived in a D&amp;D style fantasy universe. I also ended up having my new body randomly selected. Who did I end up as ? (RP)
My life has been weird ever since I swapped bodies with my daughter, but something things will also be getting really hot soon~ (dm with a plot idea)
enjoy the warm summer days
A major accident happened at my dad's work, the new product they working on that could change genders instantly. My dad is now a woman and its very awkward I think he looks absolutely beautiful I hope he hasn't noticed me checking him out. (RP)
Me and my daughter have had lots of fun messing with her bf with a clone pill. But we wanted to go further. We’re all going to a custom party, and didn’t tell him who’s wearing what. I wonder what will happen ;) (Rp wanted)
I needed a 10 in accounting, so I talked to MR. Osborn about it and he forced me to take some feminizing pills, I had no other choice and I took them, now I am girl but I have a guaranteed 10, Osborn told me happy while frying his dick with my new tits "you will be a very good student, Alexa"👗
It was your new maid's first day and you were already tired of her endless mistakes. So much you decided to punish her. Little did you know, the maid had cast a magic spell and swapped bodies with your daddy, which is who you were unknowingly punishing... (Roleplay)
(M4A) You'd shudder as you felt your best friend's large, warm hand gently caressing your newly formed tits~ You woke up one day with the ability to shapeshift, and of course your roommate immediately asked you to turn into a chick once you told him about it~
So being a male teacher of swap class was never going to go well especially when I got stuck in a odd numbered class and following school policy I had to swap with someone but I felt so sorry it was the Japanese exchange student, fuck why am I waiting to have coffee with my sons bully(RP)
“Quiet dude they’re coming back, act like we still hate this.” Our girlfriends always wondered what it’d be like if our roles were reversed and right before our vacation they found out a way to make it happen. (Rp dm/chat)
(RP) I got really tired of listening to my roommate talking about women with such focus on just their looks all the time, even though I secretly lusted for bimbos, too. I made a wish on a star that he would stop. Didn't expect him to BECOME a busty Asian chick, though. Not that I'm complaining...
When your coworker uses Xchange to make sure he gets all the big clients. You thought to yourself two can play at that game but things got a little carried away.
I dont really know what I was doing I was just overcome with hormones. It all started when my son wouldn’t stop complaining that I was chaperoning his boys trip to exchange island couldn’t take it anymore so I snapped and gave into my bodies desires….I think I’ve gone a bit far but I can’t stop now!
“..It’s not that weird okay just treat me how you would her I guess..” I pick up my drill and try to keep myself occupied with things around the house that required work done, I can’t explain it but ever since my daughters 18th birthday we continue to swap bodies every month without fail..
Kriss Gets Crazy, Squirts And Quivers
Before the great shift, I was a generic workout douche... and after the great shift? I'm still a generic workout douche, except now I'm 5'2 and a woman! I still send the same texts... but now it's to girls in guys bodies! "Hey babe, heard you needed a girl to take home from the gym today?"
I was frozen in fear. This woman had stolen my body. She said youth was wasted on the young. She said someone would be along shortly to "take care of me" but until then that the magic would hold me in place...
I have a magical pair of boots whenever I put them on i turn into a goth chick. this is today's outfit where should I go out to? (rp wanted ama)
“Okay, see you tomorrow Allen!” My girlfriend says cheerfully as she leaves. I thought it would be fun swapping with my girlfriend’s boss for a week, but being an old rich guy is way less exciting than I thought. I want to switch back, but Allen didn’t return my text today..
[f] the socks stay on 😤
I had recently moved into a rather mature neighbourhood but it was a good price for the housing unaware to me, that this house was cursed with transforming anyone that lived there before into the previous owner and mine had happened to be a old GILF (RP)
Mona and her daughter swapped bodies. Her daughter told her she had no idea what happened and they should pretend that they are each other. That was till mona heard her old body moan to the top of her lungs as she opened the door she saw her old body getting railed from behind.
I was sitting at the beach when the Great Shift happened. I felt a noticeable difference in my body. I looked down and saw the amazing body I obtained. I was excited to begin this new life. But I first saw my former body walking towards me and needed to deal with her RP
Can I let you in on a secret? I’ve loved every second of this swap, my neighbours failed spell has been the best thing that’s happened to me. The only downside is that my “husband” refuses to touch me since he knew the truth but I don’t think it would be that difficult to convince someone!
Right here is the moment I realized why I felt so weird at my girlfriend's graduation party. I thought I had been drinking a lot, but it turns out her friend swapped our bodies. As I posed for a picture, I looked out and saw MYSELF grinning back at me.
I don’t really know what came over me, my aunt asked to visit the swap clinic and I guess I accepted. Everyone was fine with it too in fact my girlfriend was excited, which makes sense because as soon as we got out she was all over my aunt. Let’s hope her husband is just as ready for our new change!
“Holy shit, this can’t be real” I say, half naked and staring at my body on the other bed. My roommate Nate brought a girl over last night and it seems I’m her now. This is so weird. Like, her body is hot, and it feels so good, but it’s not right. I have to fix this before Nate wakes up.
You came to spend the night at our house, and everything was going well until we went to bed. There was a storm outside, and while we were sleeping, a thunder hit our house causing everyone to switch bodies... Where did you end up?
I tipped my hat to you and smiled. “Thanks for this babe… I’ve always been curious about you know… being on the other side… this is gonna be a fun spring break.” I said using my girlfriend’s voice after she swapped our bodies. (RP)
My husband asked me if i could switch bodies with his friend so they could watch sports. This way i could play the role of him as his house. I was okay with it until i wanted to leave and caught him railing his friend inside my body on the couch.
My sister was pretty lazy and would always sit around the house doing nothing whilst I worked, one day our mom send us a necklace and when she put it on I was swapped into her body. Now I'm out delivery packages as her whilst she stays at home(RP)
It had been 18 years since our last child, and my wife was struggling with the newborn, especially with breastfeeding, until our son returned from the swap clinic. "I wanted to help, so I swapped a few things," he explains, unzipping. "Check me out. Big titty MILF milk factory reporting for duty!"
I was a mimic in dungeon waiting for the hero to approach me. I always turned into what they desired most and expected to turn into a treasure full of riches. Instead I turned into a elf?? What is wrong with this human??? Lets hope he still falls for my bountiful chest so I can trap him!
When I awoken, I realized I was somewhere else. I stand up and noticed I’m in my Skyrim character’s body! “W- What the hell!? Where are my clothes!?” Worse yet, I’m a vampire “This sun is killing me!” (RP)
This is so embarrassing! I was trying to break into this guy's office to steal some insider information, so I hopped his secretary. I really wasn't used to heels and tripped, putting my whole head through the wall. I must've passed out because when I came to someone was fucking me! (RP)
“Ummm what happened last night??? Last thing I remember is we were on the beach at a party and I was flirting with this girl! How am I her???” I text friends I went to spring break with! I also post this photo on her snap captioned “woke up like this!” (RP any time)
I rushed to the bathroom in my girlfriend’s body ready to burst with pee. I couldn’t figure out whether I should stand or sit down. I sat down unleashing the pee from my new vagina. I felt instant relief but now was horny. Now it’s time to find my body. (RP) pt 3
I gave my secretary a chance to get a big pay rise. All she had to do was swap bodies with me for a week and that was it. At first she laughed it off but once she saw I was being serious, she took it seriously. We swapped and it was insane! Here we are, having sex, but she’s about to cum!(RP Wanted)
Body swap with celeb rp
A genie granted me three wishes after rubbing an old lamp. I wished to be a taller, a skater, and more popular… But didn’t realize this would change me to a woman! Well, I could at least get used to wearing black boots in this new body
In lingerie for the first time
Scott and his mother stayed at a hotel called the Hopping Inn. Where you can bring any guest to have their body possessed by force by one of the the employees. They were trained in serving and pleasing the other party that paid for the service. Scotts mother had her body taken from her…
“So you’re saying… you have no idea how to fix this?” I sighed. My best friend was trying to learn magic and used me as a test subject… long story short I’m a girl, and he has no idea how to change me back. Good thing it’s just us two at his lake house on break from college. (RP)
“So you’re saying… you have no idea how to fix this?” I sighed. My best friend was trying to learn magic and used me as a test subject… long story short I’m a girl, and he has no idea how to change me back. Good thing it’s just us two at his lake house on break from college. (RP)
After my mother pushed me into one of the body swap machine pods, I passed out. When I woke up, I heard a strange rumbling sound. I opened the door of the pod and immediately saw my old body breaking the machine(RP)
Han and I kind of swapped bodies! maybe it's not so bad, I can fuck my own body now (rp in dm)
Time travel was finally a real thing! But it wasn't as simple as in the movies. Only one's mind could be sent through time, and so a new body need to be assigned. I was in for a pretty big surprise when I was sent back to the 1970s during a test trial!
When I said I was sorry your wife left and I'd do anything to help, I didn't mean to turn me into her! You're my boss, I was offering my condolences. Change me back! I can't go to work looking like this. Tell your kids to stop calling me mom. I'm not their fat mom! Stop looking at me like that!
"I wish I was in a pool!" It's not even summer yet and it's already too hot. What are the chances that you chose to say those words while in an antique shop holding a magic paper weight? For you, aparently pretty high because the next moment you're engulfed in cool water surging towards the surface.
You came to spend the night at our house, and everything was going well until we went to bed. There was a storm outside, and while we were sleeping, a thunder hit our house causing everyone to switch bodies... where did you end up?
I've been in a coma for months, and now I realized I can possess people, and now the real fun begins. I think my first grab wasn't too bad. Her name is Alicia.
Well things went to shit, and fast. While vacationing near the gulf we ran into quite an energetic group of girls. Turns out they were body thieves, and one of them stole my body and left me here, with no money or ID at all. How am I gonna get home!?
I looked around nervously at the party. I swore everyone knew it was me, but it was impossible. I lost a bet to my little sister, and she showed me some secret magical power that turned me into this, now I had to go out 3 weekends in a row as a woman, and figure out my own way home...
I was going on a hike with my dad and brother when we stumbled across this weird machine sticking out of the ground. It scanned me and then morphed my family into women very similar to me. Neither of my “sisters” seem bothered by their fate. Maybe I can enjoy this too.
Arizona State was home to thousands of girls, but out of all of them, one stuck out to you. None of the others mattered when she was around, and a wish during a shooting star would change your life forever. In the morning, you wake up in her dorm to her alarm going off… and hair in your face. (RP)
I had used a spell to switch bodies with the sexiest girl I've ever seen, but for some reason it didn't work, later I woke up in my older sister's body "Holy shit this body is amazing my sister is such a sexy girl these legs and breasts are amazing I really am beautiful now" (Lesbian Rp)
Don’t get excited.
When the Great Shift happened, I found myself in the body of my celeb crush, Elizabeth Olsen. A few days later, I was asked for an interview to get my thoughts on my new life (RP).
You made a deal to swap bodies with your dad's fiancée. She just wanted to have a night out without being constantly hit on by guys. You agreed and promised to keep the arrangement a secret. What she hadn't shared with you was that it happens to be their date night tonight. "You ready babe?" (RP/PM)
My sister and I were only supposed to swap temporarily as an experiment. However the longer I hung out with her best friend, the closer we got. Eventually we had gone from friends to lovers! I don’t want to give up this life now. Maybe I can talk my “brother” into accepting my old body?
Martin was a hopper aware of the nearby college going on spring break. Many women caught his eye, but none were like the girl heading to the restroom to change. He wasted no time exploring his new body, and got excited when he heard someone else in the restroom. Martin knew he was gonna have fun.
My bully from high school was going to the same college as me and came to the get away. The whole time they tried to get to my mother for some reason. But one day I saw my mother in the middle of a group of students. My bully was right infront of her. He slowly made his way into her body..
My gf and I are broke. She’s always nagging about how much money I waste on weed. She’s definitely right, but I won’t quit. Instead, I smoke in her body! It’s more cost effective because it takes way less weed to get high. Lately I’ve been wearing her dresses while I smoke… it makes me feel pretty!
I made a bet with the Latina chick next door that i could probably give better head than she could. To prove it she asked to swap bodies and i give her head and she’ll do the same. So, here I am sucking her off in my body, but i have the suspicion she won’t suck me off when we swap back(RP Wanted)
I woke up this morning with this outfit and cage on me, it keeps making me more and more feminine. I don't know how it got on me though, or who has the key.. I'm scared about what's going to happen to me though if I don't stop this soon!
Life has become surreal, and that is putting it lightly. My fathers tech company are nearing completion on a groundbreaking bodyswap pill. The only problem, he offered himself the tester. He’s got too into it, asking what music young people listen to and sending me photos like this…
“Is that really me?” You coo while I hold out the phone in front of you. “Hell yeah it is.” I respond chuckling. It was extraordinary to say the least, I mean really! Who knew that an X-Change pill would make you go from some boring ass White guy to an Asian bombshell? (RP)
An accident ended up putting me in a coma I could never awake from. Meanwhile that same accident made this girl brain dead. Her parents and my own decided that it was best to have my consciousness transferred into her so that at least one of us would live, I live with her family now.
“Swapping bodies with our sisters was your best idea ever man!” I squeal before sticking out my tongue for a mirror selfie, not noticing you grab your hefty tits. “Let’s have some fun tonight! Where is this party by the way?” (RP)
You came to spend the night at our house, and everything was going well until we went to bed. There was a storm outside, and while we were sleeping, a thunder hit our house causing everyone to switch bodies... where did you end up?
I had phoenix disease and my business partner found a loophole to write me out of the company because technically I’m not the person I was before. It didn’t take long to plan my revenge. It’s not about what you know it’s who you know and I knew a way to get very close to the heir of the company!
Living at an all guys school could get frustrating without any girls around to have fun with. My friends convinced me to take xchange just to help them release some stress. The only problem is everyone on campus found out and now there’s a crowd outside my dorm. Why does that turn me on so much?
I agreed to swap places with my co worker Jenna to work off her baby weight after bragging how much I worked out at the gym. In the months since I’ve gotten her body pretty toned, honestly it’s better then she ever maintained it. Maybe I should hold onto it a little longer…
im enjoying posting from this angle (f)
I was a old rich guy I had told anyone if they swapped bodies with me they would get all my money finally this girl in college came to me to swap bodies (rp wanted looking for a gm)
It was the last day of classes before spring break when the power went out. When the power came back on everyone had swapped but only at this school. My phone keeps blowing up from a number labeled as "Honey❤️❤️". What should I do?
I made a deal with a witch, I'd get to become a hot chick and I can't get pregnant but what she didn't tell me until after is if I don't get cum on me every day I'd turn into a silicone sex toy. The only question is who's gonna help me out next? (Rp in Dm)
When my boss (50) offered me (18) this vacation, I thought it was a joke, but it actually worked. Now for the next month, I’m stuck as a rich older man. I wasn't prepared for how many hot girls are in his life, and how horny this body is!
My older brother was a bit of, how do you say, a complete asshole. So, I wanted to make him more pleasant. I made him breakfast every day, and put a tiny bit of a gender poison in it. I’ve slowly feminized him, and now look at the results! He’s almost my older sister
I was having fun at a college party I snuck into. I didn’t look like a college student, so I took an X-Change and wore a slutty outfit to be let in. Problem is that the pill is wearing off, and I’m not exactly sure where to hide this. I need to get out of this party as soon as possible
"so let me get this straight, you swapped me and your moms bodies so I could get you out of trouble from school? haha dude this is nuts, your my best friend n all but this is a little extreme. Besides what do I get out of this?" I place a hand on my hip as I was not happy getting pulled from my body
Rp
I had left our apartment about ten minutes ago, but after realizing that I forgot my headphones, I turned back. A few minutes later when I opened the door… I found a Latina woman wearing almost nothing in the middle of the living room. “Can I help you?” (RP)
I want to be used for all your sexual needs ;)
I have a kink of swapping bodies with homeless guys and then jerk off to them in my body. I got ready and went to the mall car park, I was definitely going to find someone. That’s when I found you, you agreed to to swap and my rules. I sat down to jerk off, whilst you played with my hair…(RP Wanted)
Dad come on change me back. I know this is supposed to be a father daughter cruse but I am not your daughter turn me back now.
a guy had cursed a bunch of coins and spread them all around the city. I didn't know it was cursed but I reach down to pick it up and suddenly my vision blurs and I'm somewhere else I look up and see you staring at me. "Hey perv why don't you stare at someone else" I say standing up
I got stuck in a bodysuit and nobody knows that I was a guy, so I'm making money by fucking guys. And my old bully is gonna give me $1000 if he can use me. I don't wanna suck that guy's cock. Rp?
Now that the technology is readily available, my high school offers every student the opportunity to swap genders after graduation. I was the only one in my friend group who stayed a guy, so now our hangouts look… different
I woke up in bed with some girl. I roll over and there’s another girl on the other side. I must’ve gotten really lucky last night. I recognize them as my sister’s friends and notice somehow I’m my sister! I see an old book on the floor next to what looks like a magic wand. I text you to pick me up.
You made a deal to swap bodies with your dad's fiancée. She just wanted to have a night out without being constantly hit on by guys. You agreed and promised to keep the arrangement a secret. What she hadn't shared with you was that it happens to be their date night tonight. "You ready babe?" (RP/PM)
Come to your door and explain I'm your best freind who's been turned in to a girl. To break the curse I habe to me one person's fantasy come true, can you help me bro?
"Umm what are you doing?" I asked nervously, my parents had left the country for a few months so i was sent to live with my sister, my problem was that she lived in a soritory so upon arriving i was forced to take a x-change and now im sourrounded by girls who are about to test out thier new toy(Rp)
It'd been fun but I'm retiring from this sub
I come home to find my mom on my PC. "Hey, son! You do have a nice collection of bodyswap stuff here! I didn't know you were into that stuff too and wanted to be me so badly. I think we should make those fantasies a reality!"
You made a deal to swap bodies with your dad's younger fiancée. She just wanted to have a night out with friends, without being constantly hit on by idiots. She asked you to keep the arrangement a secret. What she didn't say is that tonight is her and your dad's date night. "You ready babe?" (RP/PM)
After a spell gone wrong sent his soul into the body of Pansy Parkinson, Harry found out that maybe being a Slytherin wouldn't be so bad
My mom and dad divorced years ago. I was surprised to wake up in my dad's body so I drove home to find my old body. But when I arrived my mom was furious to see me. Any chance she'll believe that we swap?
Look how perfectly they fit together
I was the oldest of four children and the only boy. Because of that, I was always protective of my little sisters. Then the great shift struck. I was the only one of us that swapped and we haven’t heard from our parents yet. My sisters wanted to put me in this blue dress and take me out. (RP)
“Wait… you had said two days…” I say softly from the body of your cheating ex-girlfriend’s body after I hear you tell me about plans for the next week involving me in her body. “I don’t want to be her still dude… turn me back this instant!” (RP)
Freckled babe
Last month, I ended up getting into an awful car accident. It was between me and our school’s most popular girl, aka the Queen Bitch. Unfortunately, they couldn’t save my body, but since she was brain dead, I got hers. Now I’m meeting you for the first time. I’m really nervous! (RP)
I wanna swap into my sister so I could go around town jerking off all the boys with big dicks with my huge tits
I'm a slug from space that can control humans. So when I slipped onto this woman's mouth, I seen a cat as I did it and became her. But with cat ears, fangs and a small tail. And a young man's wanting to do something called "fuck me". Rp?
"What the hell? Where am I? And what am I wearing? OMG WTF DO I HAVE TITS BIGGER THAN MY HEAD!?" I ask having woken up from my hangover in the body of a girl I don't even know with no recollection of how I got to where I currently am or the events of last night. (Tell me what happened please 😘♥️)
Girlfriend possession story
Things aren't going so well with my mom and dad, to make matters worse I've become a girl. My dad looks at me completely differently now (rp in dm)
My mother was always in a hurry, always dressed for work. That was until she was possessed by a blonde bimbo spirit. Now her life, much like her hair, has brightened immensely!
"Glad I've got a strong man to help move the heavy stuff," I laugh. "Hope you don't want paying though!" I'd sold everything I owned, moved to a decrepit rental, and gone deep into debt, but it was worth every penny to buy this girl's young body. And at least my family are here to help me move
I have trouble with addiction and needed money to feed my habit. Blowing guys for money is a hard sell as a man so I took an X-Change and had more success as a woman. Problem is, I have a new addiction and need more X-Change pills….
"This worked perfectly" I had taken some x-change to become a girl to hoe myself out so I could pay some bills. Hopefully my roommate doesn't mind my new job. . . (Rp/Dm)
You've always had a crush on your sister, so when she swapped bodies with me, you offered to help me find out this bodies capabilities, but 'forgot' to tell me your my brother
“..Don’t freak out but it’s me Antony swap class happened and well you know how you said you bet Kim the nerd had a banging body under all those jumpers well…” I press send on my pre prepared picture message “..you were definitely right soooo guess I owe you an apology xx”
I didn’t really understand what was going on, one second Nicole was acting all serious and how she wanted to talk about us and the next thing she’s asking a bunch of questions and acting nervous around me.. what I didn’t see was a crazy man running round shooting some kind of gun at random people..
My older sister was tired of having a little brother so she used a spell to change reality to fit her wants “dude this is embarrassing turn me back and you can’t expect me to dress like this” what else changed with my new reality? (Open to ideas dm me to rp)
"Dude, the transformation isn't finished, sexual interaction can keep me like this!" I yell at my brother. He had gave me X-CHANGE pills and I'm slowly transforming into a woman, and I need a pussy. But he can't wait to get his hands on me. Rp?
I need a good bud to become a girl I know irl. you will love how I fuck and love you as your her. long term please.
So… I’ve got a problem. I accidentally told my aunt about the swap clinic… and now I think a hooker is in her body… mainly because I woke up to find her… sucking my cock. I tried calling the swap clinic, but the number isn’t working! (RP)
I always see those Oklahoma Drill videos of dudes tackling each other on beaches during spring break well this was my time to shine, I was best player on varsity so it would be a cake walk but last night my drink got spiked with a xchange pill, maybe I can get into shape quickly and still do it
Whilst on Spring Break I had to stay with my aunt. I made the most out of a shitty situation, my aunt was hot, she always turned me on. I wanted to get her in a sexy mood but I wasn't turning her on, so I swapped hoping she could turn herself on. It's working, I really want this fuck
Yesterday I dreamed that I was a woman,my breasts were huge, it made me very horny to feel them bounce,it was weird but I liked it too much,that's why today I hurried to sleep to dream the same thing, I never wanted it to end,when I tried to wake up I knew that my dream became a beautiful reality
I woke up in this body dressed as a tomboy after a night of being a sexist and hitting on feminine women take me shopping and help me live up to my own standards of women well atleast until I figure out how to change back (dm to rp long responses only )
"It's official, back in what was meant to be my body!" After finding out I was swapped at birth, I didn't care. But then I found out the other person requested a swap back?! I was terrified... until I saw her! I didn't want to be a woman, but being like this... I'm getting used to it!
I was just a normal dude at comic con when I met Elizabeth Olsen. I told her I was huge fan and she took me to a bathroom and asked me to swap with her. She was tired of her fame and wanted to live a normal life. I happily agreed and now I'm gonna live my life as my favorite celeb (RP).
For my birthday mom paid for a trip abroad and surgery to become her twin sister. It had been our biggest dream. Here we are getting ready to head back home. AMA
My new collider machine needed a test, and my friend was happy to help. Though, when my dog Sally ran in with him right when I flipped the switch, things turned out pretty badly, for him atleast. He barely speak english, mostly animal noises, became female, and walks on all 4's now (Rp)
Told my sister we should avoid areas with hoppers, she said it was fine, and now she's been hopped by someone trying to seduce me, when I made it clear we're siblings. back at the hotel, you're sending me these pictures.. gotta remember who's body that is..
Don’t get excited
You're always wanted to fuck, so when the FOSE hit and you swapped our bodies you didn't give up and started sending sexy pictures of me.. and it's working
(M4AtF) You were watching netflix with your best friend, when you suddenly caught him oggling your new tits~ You had transitioned a couple months ago, and it seems as if he has a newfound appreciation for you now~ "Hehe, you can feel em up if you want~ There's no way I'd hold out on you dude~"
As a hopper for hire, I did my best for my clients. Whilst I took a variety of jobs the most common was hopping someone that my clients wanted to fuck. Normally I didn't care for the shells I used but this one was special. It's as if we had harmony, because I felt so good as her
I wasn't allowed to come over to your house after I hopped your mother and did a tonne of shit as her. So the next best thing was possessing your sisters friend on the way to your house so we could play video games. Although her body was too tempting and I went back to my old ways of playing
My sister in law is pregnant and thinks she can get whatever she wants because of it. One day I finally told her that she was too spoiled so when I wasn't looking she put something in my food and this happened to me. How am I gonna explain this to my wife.
Actually I'm too old for a babysitter! but I have very bad helicopter parents. But now I'm glad I have a babysitter now that we've switched bodies somehow. (rp in dm)
I hadn't heard from you in a few weeks. You had hit your second puberty and went MIA. Then one night I was laying in bed when I felt my phone vibrate. I looked it up and saw it was from you. "Hey. Do you think my new ass is too big?"
Gilrfriend possession story
You never know how much control a woman has over a man. It’s the most powerful role in the world. I didn’t want to be Chelsea, but she was my Swap Class partner. I didn’t want to deal with her boyfriend. But watching him lovingly squirm in my hands is such a rush of power. I am in total control
I was just a normal dude at comic con when I met Elizabeth Olsen. I told her I was huge fan and she took me to a bathroom and asked me to swap with her. She was tired of her fame and wanted to live a normal life. I happily agreed and now I'm gonna live my life as my favorite celeb (RP).
Last night, I had the weirdest dream. That this alien parasite came down like an angel, and took the air out of my lungs. I choked on its slimy body. When I woke up, I was ok, but my tits became unbelievably huge. I don’t know what’s going on, but I look good. Ow, why my head hurt and feel heavy
I was just messing around in my girlfriend's mom's house, when I found this milk pump. For fun, I put it over my nipples, but it turned on, and rapidly changed me into this Asian milk factory! I want to stop, but my boobs just keep leaking, someone fix me!
When mom forced me into a swap just before spring break 'for my own good', I swore I'd make her pay. Her plane should be landing about now, so I send her a video. "Have fun on spring break, 'son'. I know I will. Sounds like dad just got home and I've such a fun evening planned. Don't rush back."
One of my best?
I recently lost my job and didn't have any way to pay the rent I owed you for our shared apartment. Desperate for an answer I signed up for a controversial new medical treatments. The changes were far more extreme than I had realised they would be. "Dude, look how jiggly I am?!" (PM/RP)
I had been snooping through my roommates stuff when I found a cape. Thinking nothing bad could happen I tried it on. But the moment I did my body started growing and my clothes were shrinking. "HEY DUDE, I'm home" (Rp/Dm)
[MtF4GM/A] I went away for the summer… well things didn’t go as planned. Long story short… I’m not Nick anymore. I’m Nicole… I didn’t mean for this to happen. I’m not happy it did but there’s nothing I can do about it now. class is going to be dreadful. I wonder what my friends will say.
My tip when rushing a frat is to not turn them down if they offer you. I just didn’t think i vibes that well with the culture. They thought they needed to make an example out of me so they turned me into the house doll, a permanent reminder to those who wrong the frat and a silicon prison for me
I had rented out my body for the last weekend and begged my boyfriend to keep an eye on its new occupant. What I hadn't expected was how much seeing my own body act so dominant was a huge turn-on for me. I started to pleasure myself "Babe! Do you have any other videos?" I knew I needed more of this!
“Oh god, please stop it!” I beg in my head. My pervy neighbor John had gotten his hands on a body rentals helmet, and he somehow tricked me into putting on the receiver chip! Now he’s controlling my body and making me do such lewd and disgusting things, all while mocking me! Help! (RP)
We were two hoppers on the run, these two were driving a car and we took our chances. It was a narrow escape thank god the police didn't know we were hoppers that would of been awkward. Now it's time to lay low and enjoy the new us for a bit. We are going to have ALOT of fun.
[MtF4GM/A] I went away for the summer… well things didn’t go as planned. Long story short… I’m not Nick anymore. I’m Nicole… I didn’t mean for this to happen. I’m not happy it did but there’s nothing I can do about it now. class is going to be dreadful. I wonder what my friends will say.
I was just a normal dude at comic con when I met Elizabeth Olsen. I told her I was huge fan and she took me to a bathroom and asked me to swap with her. She was tired of her fame and wanted to live a normal life. I happily agreed and now I'm gonna live my life as my favorite celeb (RP).
Curious, how old were you when you discovered your interest in body swapping and what sparked it?
A few days ago the busty blonde was your boss. Now she's the office slut. You wanted his job, so you had him drugged, kidnapped and forced into a skinsuit. He was now being trained to be a good little plaything for your office. (story continued in comments)
Thats what you see when Im on you
kneel down and get to work
“Is that a wet spot” I asked, my friend unashamedly raised his leg “yep” ever since my friend got turned into a girl from the GS, he’s been wearing cute clothes and has been teasing me “I was thinking of your sister” he said with a cocky smile
I liked my best friend,so I wanted to be close to her no matter what,so I talked to her mom and offered her a lot of money as long as she let me swap bodies with her so I could be with her daughter, she accepted so now i'm the mom of my best friend and i'm excited to spend a girls night with her👙💗
Comment the (f)irst word that pops into your head from this image. (NB)
After being a girl for a week, my GF and I could no longer take it. Playing with each other felt good but it wasn’t getting the job done. Luckily she was still on good terms with her ex.
Last night I fell asleep watching a movie with Olivia Wilde in it. I had a hard time sleeping so I got up to use the bathroom I get to the bathroom and I was her the bra and panties is all I have that fits me
I hopped my crush to have a little fun like I normally do. She never realised I controlled her she just assumes that she turns herself on. This time was different a door to door salesmen knocked on the door and we'll, what's the point of enjoying myself if I can't share the experience
After breaking up with my long term girlfriend, a trip to exchange island was much needed. Swapping with this hot blonde wasn’t what I anticipated but I’m finally ready to try dating as a woman. (RP)
I lost my job and didn't have any way to pay the rent I owed you for our shared house. Desperate for an answer I signed up for controversial new medical experiments, they were paying volunteers a small fortune! I hadn't realised how extreme the changes would be. "Dude, look I'm so jiggly!" (PM/RP)
"Glad I've got a strong man to help move the heavy stuff! Hope you don't want paying though!" I'd sold everything I owned, had to move to a decrepit house, and gone deep into debt to buy this girl's body, but it was worth every penny to be young again. And I'm grateful my son is here to help me move
“Thanks for picking me up. My parents are at work and still a little weird about it anyway, and my brother won’t even speak to me anymore since I got back from the clinic.” I knew I was meant to be a girl, so I went to the clinic. I’ve always had a thing for you, my older brother’s best friend. (RP)
when i asked my girl friend why she preferred Face Fucking she decided to slip me a pill to try it out. i might want to stay this way.
It is the best assignment ever. In swap class, we do a project on over spring break by living as another study over break. I lucked out. Karra lives alone, is rich, and I’d drop dead gorgeous. I can’t wait to spend the days with these out
who would you swap with?
“..Don’t freak out but it’s me Antony swap class happened and well you know how you said you bet Kim the nerd had a banging body under all those jumpers well…” I press send on my picture. “..you were definitely right soooo guess I owe you an apology xx”
Last year, we were on top of the world. Our football team won the championship and all our offensive starters were juniors or sophomores, so we thought we had a pretty good chance to win again. Until a freak gas leak at practice turned us all into girls. I guess it could have been worse. (RP)
Around a year ago I accidentally turned Belle into a skinsuit... I put it on, freaking out! It was an accident! But I never figured out how to get it off, and now it's stuck... I've gone through all her money... I guess it's time to come back to the internet...
“Haha, these are my boobs now and you can’t do a thing to stop me Lily!” My own voice mocks to me. I thought I could trust my best friend to possess my body with that spell he found, but after seeing what he’s doing now, I never wanna talk to him again! Ahh, stop! We’re in school!
I was home alone when my possession device arrived. My plan was to use it on random people at the weekend as being someone else would be the ultimate costume of all. I just need to test it out on someone…what’s that? It sounds like mom is home from work..
You had heard a noise in the early hours of the morning, the sun just poking its head over the horizon, and so you went out to investigate. What you found was a blonde girl in a bikini and an oversized shirt, you weren’t meant to see me like this though. (RP)
I still didn’t understand why you would do this. You were supposed to be my middle-aged father, not a Brazilian girl my age! As you stood smiling, I couldn’t help but feel a boner building up in my shorts. “Dad… why are you smiling at me like that?” (RP)
My best friend unfortunately got hit by the great shift, I luckily did not so I told him I would meet him at the bar so I could see what he looked like and so we could catch up. I don't know which person he is hopefully he gives me a signal. (RP)
My girlfriend has been acting weird all trip, usually she would be way more excited to be out of the country experiencing something new. For some reason she has been focused on her own body more then the trip maybe I should ask her whats wrong. (RP)
A knock followed by your bedroom door opening wakes you up, "Good morning I was just going to make some breakfast would you - " Your dad freezes, staring at you and then asks, "Who are you?" You are confused at first then realise that you're naked and feel unusual. Your body is not your own. (RP/PM)
I had been snooping around while my roommate ran to get food when I found a cape. Thinking nothing could go wrong I put the cape on. Suddenly my body was growing and my clothes were shrinking "HEY DUDE, I'm home" Oh shit, he's back already? (Rp/Dm)
“..of course I’ve got something special planned for your birthday baby.” I kiss you, my lips laced with a body swap substance, I could see you were as hard as a rock. I had your favourite outfit on. “bend me over the bed and pull my hair.” knowing the effects of our kiss will happen any second now..
I can't believe our father's machine worked! she swapped our bodies, but unfortunately she's broken right now, so we'll have to stay that way for now (rp in dm)
For our thirtieth wedding anniversary I wanted to do something special. I bought a new body for myself. The procedure and recovery took a week, and when I was finally ready I invited you to meet me at our favourite spot. I knew your type and from the gasp I heard behind me I knew I had chosen well.
My stepdaughter has been acting strange all day. It was her spring break and I thought she was going to have fun with her friends, but all she wants to do is hang out with me. She even ordered a beer at lunch. She never does that. I had no idea she swapped with a guy. (RP)
And soon, I’ll get rid of this pesky penis. In this world, some people are born with superpowers. Some are super strong or super smart. What I can do is steal traits of another person. Slowly, I take the parts of my friends to become my dream female body. I just need to steal someone’s pussy
“Well your not gonna be the handsome, 6’6, basketball captain and would have soon been the Prom King anymore but now that your second puberty is done and you’re fitting into your new roll as a 5’2 busty blonde cheerleader nicely I think you have a great shot at Prom Queen” my ex-teammates told me
Im supposed to be having the best spring break of all time the rest of the football team and I seemed like gods in Miami and I guess my younger sister got jealous cause she used a spell to swap places with me, I guess she was making TikToks before we swapped, Im reacting to them and they are so dumb
Did you know that Olympic track runners only make like 100k a year, well I did and was totally ok with it, it was always my dream to run the 100m race but unfortunately my family was cursed, ever man born in swapped genders at 18, well I was devastated at first but I make millions now from only fans
My friend was pretty annoying with his constant obsession with the "Badass Goth Mommy Milkers Gf" thing he kept joking about. I decided to kill two birds with one stone and see what the hypes about and shutting him up. And I will say, a Big Titty Goth Mommy aint that bad. (Rp)
“Haha, this is my body now and you can’t do a thing to stop me Lily!” My own voice mocks to me. I thought I could trust my best friend to possess my body with that spell he found, but after seeing what he’s doing now, I never wanna talk to him again! Ahh, stop! (RP)
"Oh Hello Kayla, time to swap back?" You found swap rings and used them to take my body, curious about being a man. Now, you want to swap back, but I have other plans
We were in science class, mixing safe chemicals. But you weren’t paying attention and put something in my drink. After class, I took a sip of my drink and my chest felt hot. “Dude, is it hot in here?” I asked you not knowing what you did. (Male breast growth rp long term)
[F2F] [RP] "No, screw this. I'm getting out of here before that device goes off again. I don't care, better this body than being in grandma's again" my father's invention started going haywire, swapping everyone in the house. Will I make it outside before it goes off again?
We had been bestfriends for years but I had been studying transformation magic and when you finally found out you begged me to change you. You said you hated your life and would do anything for a new one.....(rp in dm)
I was just a normal dude at comic con when I met Elizabeth Olsen. I told her I was huge fan and she took me to a bathroom and asked me to swap with her. She was tired of her fame and wanted to live a normal life. I happily agreed and now I'm gonna live my life as my favorite celeb (RP).
Swap class put me in the body of the college’s high flying athlete! She’d signed up as training had impacted her grades. This new body and gender is a lot to get used to. I text you after training “Hey can we meet up” (RP)
Rp anyone
We were having a nice dinner as two buddies when I suddenly turn into a chick. “Hey dude, why are you staring at me like that?”(rp)
My new invention didn't work! at least not the way I wanted it. Now Penny and I switched bodies (rp in dm)
(M4TM) You'd see your roommate's surprised expression as you non-chalantly revealed that you were trans~ "Hmm? Yeah dude, I have a pussy, what's the big dea- Oh~ Don't tell me you're turned on or something~" You'd tease before playfully pulling down on the hem of your shorts. "Hehe, wanna see it?"
(M4TF) You'd take another swig of your drink, your cheeks flushed from the alcohol as you crawled over to your roommate~ It wasn't fair. He was straight. You were a hot chick. Why did he never try and come onto you... "Wh-what are you doing?!" I'd stammer out as you brought your lips closer to mine~
(M4TF) You'd take another swig of your drink, your cheeks flushed from the alcohol as you crawled over to your roommate~ It wasn't fair. He was straight. You were a hot chick. Why did he never try and come onto you... "Wh-what are you doing?!" I'd stammer out as you brought your lips closer to mine~
“You sure it’s working?” “Yeah definitely. “ I woke up one day, poisoned after a long night, and i woke up with my own pussy. My friend said he recognized it, and convinced me to let him “fuck me normal.” I’ll trust him, but I think I’m changing into less of a man again
Thank you, Ryan’s sister, for being beautiful. My best friend was my neighbor, and his sister was nice. But when I saw her naked in the window, I knew I wanted her. I projected into her, and now, I’m ready to reclaim my wet prize
I was out drinking at a party when I bump into this girl suddenly my body was gone like I never existed and I was stuck in this girls body (rp wanted)
4 Weeks of being your best friend Emily. 4 Weeks of growing a child. 4 Weeks of having to pretend to be her with her husband. 4 weeks of having to keep him away. 2 Weeks since you let him kiss you. 1 week since he sucked on your breast... You snap a picture...as you hear your phone ring. (RP/AMA)
As you climb the stairs, your girlfriend takes a picture! "Jess! You look so good! This is the best gift ever babe! You were a great boyfriend, but having you become a girl for the week has been so fun! Now, are you ready to go out for your first night as a girl?"
My favorite way to get money was to drain it from desperate men online in VR chats. I then spent it on better VR equipment, and the cycle repeated. But my latest purchase was too real, because it was real. I became my persona’s reality, and I can feel everything and can’t switch back
I always wanted to be my mother,I wanted to be the woman of the house, so one day when we were alone I gave her half a pill while I ate the other, when my mother woke up she was now in my man's body,while I was waiting for her like a lady playing with her bra whit her huge tits,now i the busty,mom💗
I told my girlfriend that she has a juicy ass, and she didn't take it as a compliment. So she put me in her body and she's wanting me to see what it's like to have guys flirt on me in the street. Rp?
“Oh sh*t”’I say as I was suddenly on stage. I’d wanted to see Taylor live bit couldn’t get tickets, I decided to head to the show anyway and try my luck, this creepy guy said I could see her if I have him $100, I didn’t hesitate. Next thing I know I’m on stage in her body
I continue to pace back and forth, unable to understand how this occurred. One minute I was celebrating my twentieth birthday with my brother, and the next he disappears, and in his place is… this girl! “Okay… who are you, like for real this time…”
sucking him while hes gaming
While my sister is living it up in Baja with her sorority I’m spending spring break stuck at home doing chores! She’s so lucky I wish…..Huh? What happened? Waves? Sand? TITS!! I’ve got huge sandy tits?! Wait a minute those aren’t just any sandy tits! They’re my sister’s! Spring break here I come!
After the first night of partying, I woke up in a girls body. I can’t believe how sexy I look. And I’ll admit the looks I get from all these fit guys excite me. There’s a group approaching me now. Something tells me this will be the best spring break ever.
Me and my friend transformed into our sisters. And we've been dating. My (and his) family doesn't like our decisions, but I love his puffy lips kissing me. Rp?
going up?
I walked into a cursed changing room at Target, and immediately felt my body start to really change. On the wall were some written instructions for me: "Put on the lingerie and the mask and go walking around the store. Wait for your next instruction"
Disney made a big move, a big illegal move! To keep their actresses on a very binding contract, they swapped actress Florence Pugh with a Pro Disney AI. (rp?)
My bully followed me to college, his only plan was to spike my drink with a gender change serum and watch me struggle. The issue was that his girlfriend went here too... It's cold out, so this is my cute outfit for my first date with his EX-girlfriend! I think I look good!
After a malpraxis at the clinic and a lot of probing and prodding, the lovely girls at the Better Boobs Bureau were kind enough to help bring my tits to a decent 34 E cup. My areolae are still quite large, but I'll keep them this way. I think it gives them quite a lovely unconventional aesthetic!
I had been working out in the morning when a strange rush of cool air passed through the gym. I found myself no longer in the free weights room, but in one of the yoga studios. I looked down, seeing my body had completely changed. I don't think I was the only one, either...
“Hannah, wake up. It worked!” I say, waking up slowly to the sight of my own face. I’m suddenly horrified, sitting up quickly. “What worked?!” I croak out in my mother’s voice.
Wait a minute...this strain tastes kinda weird, my body feels fuzzier than usual. Why do I feel so small? I'm supposed to be six feet tall! What the hell happened to my clothes?! *takes another puff* (Happy holidays)
I was real disappointed with who I landed in the great shift, I became a old physics teacher whereas my friends turned into hot moms. They at least let me see them in all their glory and at least this body could go. What could we get up to as these new hosts
I went on a trip with my friends to the beach,there I met a Latin milf who seduced me and invited me to fuck her,but when I entered her room she began to rub a magic spell all over my body,my breasts and my hair grew and now I'm just another busty latina milf on the beach waiting for a cock👙💗
“Hey dude, think they’ll let me wear this at college” it’s been a few days since my friend turned into a girl, I think his mind has been affected, he use to wear his normal clothes but recently he’s been wearing revealing outfits and he sounds like a dumb valley girl
I was walking down the street when I got shot with a swap I blacked out for a few hours when I woke up I was in a girls body and in a different city ('rp wanted looking for a gm)
Work was made easy when I could be anyone in the office during my lunch. As the boss and a hopper I could do what the fuck I wanted and the best thing was my employees thought their actions were their own. I'm bringing a whole new meaning to Human Resources
My little sister really wanted to meet her favorite basketball player but only I had access to meet him. She convinced me to bodyswap with her for 48 hours. I was hesitant of what she’d do with my body, but after realizing what I was able to do with her beautiful, tight body. I couldn’t say no.
Join the GUTTAS DRØM Discord Server!
The Great Shift had done plenty to people around the world, but you didn’t think it had impacted your girlfriend. Unfortunately, it did and I had swapped with her. Now here we were at your lake house… I could get used to this!
"Yes, you should, because Styx doesn't control you anymore, you can dress however you like, and it's hot," I replied to my girlfriend. "Well, alright then," she answered, then tugged at the strings of her panties. Her bodiless soul grimaced, but there was nothing it could do without a corporal form.
You’ve been a real buzzkill ever since your girlfriend broke up with you, single-handedly ruining our spring break fun. I was so sick of all of your pouting that I did a quick possession spell to take control of your ex. I send you this video with and text “I want you. Meet me tonight?”
You’ve been a real buzzkill ever since your girlfriend broke up with you, single-handedly ruining our spring break fun. I was so sick of all of your pouting that I did a quick possession spell to take control of your ex. I send you this video and text “I want you back. Meet me tonight?”
My friend had been trying to get me to go hiking with him for years, but I finally gave in when his birthday rolled around. He took full advantage and dragged me along on a 5 day long hike. During which he drugged me with X-Change and starting taking advantage of my new body on day one.
My mom switched bodies with me by accident and the only way back is sex, but I don't know about that so she wants to try to do it without me noticing (rp in dm)
You walk out of your room ashamed of your new body. You cannot believe that Asian bitch stole your body after making fun of her at the bar last night. You are struggling to walk in your new form but you also didn't know her body is constantly hungry and horny.
Can anyone find her ig for her nudes? Dm
I wanted to see what it was like for a chick on Spring Break, but I didn't expect how easy it would be to have a free trip. Sure, you have to put in some work, but invest in a decent bikini and you'll never have to pay for food, drinks, or a place to sleep. I don't know if I'll ever go back!
I knew I had to have this cutie’s body when I saw it walking down the beach. As soon as I came into her, I wasted no time exploring. Her body feels so good…I don’t think I ever want to leave! With my new body, I’m totally gonna have a fun spring break!
You were dared by your best friend that you wouldn’t give him a bj as a girl. I guess he was wrong.
We had a high-stakes dick measuring contest where the loser has to take the xchange pill and can't reverse it until he can deep throat the winner. It's been months of practicing and I've finally got it; but I'm not ready to stop, I just got the hang of it. Please don't make me change back yet.
Had I known what it meant... I had bought a pair of pills, that would change my appearance and "doll me up" who would have guessed, I actually turned into a live like doll in the middle of the dorm~! i hope nobody finds me.... (rp always open~)
(M4TF)You were my girlfriend of 6 months and i haven’t thought of you any different than the other girls. But after one make out session, i felt something poking me. I slowly pull away and saw your cock exposed. “Wow” i say softly (rp)
I was growing a new Hybrid strain of Marijuana for 4/20 making it the most potent weed grown by man. As I continued to toke I get more and more feminine until I ended up like this. Any one else want a hit?
"How do I look?" I ask you nervously. You paid me to weird a bodysuit to your high school reunion, but we couldn't agree on an outfit. Maybe this bodysuit was affecting my mind more than you thought
My gf is a trader and has been trying to trade with me since day one. It only took six months to break me and now we’ve done everything; we’ve traded chests, genitals and even whole bodies! Most of the time she wears the penis is the relationship and I walk around with her pussy between my legs.
Using a spell you swapped bodies with the bitchy girl from class who was always making fun of you. Before she realized what exactly happened, you used another to transform your old body (with her in it) into a glass dildo. You tell her to go fuck herself and plan on doing just that.
When you swapped with your sister you were surprised to see she went out and got her nipples pierced. You decided to try to use that as leverage against her (you'll tell your folks she has them) but then he tells you that actually you're the one who has them now, and he's gonna use that against you.
Hey! Yep, that's me... and me... and another me... so, probably wondering what is going on here. I really screwed up with my multi-verse machine. I somehow slipped into a reality where I'm female and, and the same time, called in two other versions of me... who were both very, very horny...
You were the straighest guy you knew, so even in your new shifted body, guys coming onto youwas awful. But after a night of drinking you find yourself back at his place and opens your eyes to the world of female enjoyment. Now you can't keep your eyes of their bodies, constantly craving their touch.
This would be the landlords final visit...atleast as his old self. This was the 10th noise complaint he'd given me about my "Loud Trashy Music." and I was tired of it. If thats what he considered it, maybe he should get some taste. Becoming a white trash goth bitch wouldn't hurt. (Rp)
I had no idea what I was signing up for when I joined this brand new elective in college. Sure am glad I got paired up with this beautiful, busty latina chick though! Playing with her body is so much fun! Oh.. I just got a text from my own number, looks like she's having fun in my body as well.
I signed up for a once in a life time holiday on swap island. Apparently my payment was rejected once I got there and as recompense I had to go into this body in high-tech slave gear. What happens to me on the island? (rp in comments)
I had thought it was just fun and games when a friend asked me to try on a bra they had used for cross dressing before. So I was pretty shocked that after laughing how ridiculous it was, that my body started growing firm but soft valley of cleavage… no idea how I’ll explain this
You just found a magic book that let you turn me into whatever you want. First you made asian and then you force me to dance for you. What do you do next ? (RP)
I'd seen some strange places in my time painting houses, but this was the weirdest place. One guy with two young wives. But every day I felt this strange draw to go back, my body slowly changing. Until the job was finished, and I was given as a present to my new husband
In my family the men are educated to be soldiers, while the women only pamper them, I wanted that so I switched bodies with my older cousin and I got it,I was finally a woman, I wouldn't be a soldier anymore,now I'm just a more woman with tits and a vagina like all the others, my dream comes true💗🍒👙
You heard there was a hot spring that would change reality you enter with someone and make a wish you brought me along and wished for a better younger sister reality changed in that moment and I was now your little sister and nobody remembers the old me expect for us (long term gm will do one back)
Last night when I was drinking, I had the misfortune of hitting on a witch. After getting tired of my advances she cursed me to live in this body! This is the message you get the next morning. (rp)
In order to save your kingdom, you must become a princess and marry the war king.
“Like what just happened?” I ask dazed. You needed a date and decided the easiest option was just turning me into one! (RP always open)
You woke up from your sleep to hear your mother knocking on your door and yelling your sister’s name. “Emily! Wake up!! Kayla’s going to be here in ten minutes to pick you up for practice!” You sit up to ask why she’s knocking on your door when you feel two weights on your chest. (RP)
The Role Exchanger really screwed your life over. You weren't directly impacted, but your father was. He was put in the body of an absolute bimbo along with her fashion sense, urges, and oral fixation. But he still had his mind. So he was still... himself... which was hard to remember at times...
How am I going to do in this body?? Okay this is cool obviously but how will I be able to pass as her? I know almost nothing about her...that said, I look pretty cute I think 🤔... but it doesn't tell me how to live her life hmm....got to think a little bit more 😅
When I caught the gender flu I was worried... but when I learned I caught it from my cat everything changed. I not only became a woman, but also got cat ears and a tail, along with cute fangs and a real desire to get my headpat... the problem is, legally I need an owner now?!
The interdimensional portal I'd invented works perfectly! Uh, kind of. It lets you visit parallel dimensions but must do so from the perspective of your counterpart in that dimension. What's really weird is that you seem to be the only version of you who has stayed male across the multiverse...
“Hey who dropped their body??” I curiously ask at the loud party as I find myself in someone’s skirt (RP/DM)
I was your son, or, I used to be. After an App had been released, that allowed mental and physical attributes to be Sold for Cash, lots of it. You had found a bargin for lots of high price attributes, with me as the "storage" .... How would you use the App further...? (rp always open.)
I wanted to be the best best man for my friend’s wedding. For his bachelor party, I got creative. Instead of strippers, he’d be the slut. I bought a ring for him to wear, and poof, he got to enjoy himself all night. Come morning, he refused take it off and he’d rather stay and not attend his wedding
MTF4Futa I was an ass to one of the female crew mates aboard our ship about how easy it was to get with women. She was so mad that she shoved an X-change pill down my throat and started to fuck me with her cock. I just hope it’s not a breeder.
Sis and I will have to share this body for now. That’s alright, I’ll take great care of it. Our mom was working on a solo project for the company she works for. It broke down last night, and my sister and I became the same person. I’m not complaining when I can give myself a strip tease
It was a new type of technology. A sauna that was claimed it could mold your body, mostly to lose weight. However when I tested the one at my local gym a bunch of teens came by and hacked the settings, and now I was gonna find out the extent of the machine's body molding capabilities.
Name of her?
“What did you expect? Of course I have to live your life. People are going to think we’re crazy if we tell people we swapped - including your boyfriend.” My friend chides me. It made sense, but I thought we’d have a way to swap back by now.
I think I died and woke up a woman with a weird menu (2/?)
Alina Lopez - Stepsister Lends A Hand
The swap clinic began offering lots of money for cis people to swap bodies with trans people. Your mother, seeing this as a way to be young again and make money, jumped on the idea. You’d just gotten home to see your mother’s new body naked on the couch. “Oh shit! I didn’t think you’d be home yet!”
[MtF4A]Hi, looking for long term RP partners. I’m looking for a rp partner for me turning from male to female. In the rp I’m open to you being mtf or any other as well. You can be a single character or multiple. I do like to play as if the change is unexpected and/or unwanted initially. Dms open
Finally they're gone ! I am 69 YO man and, thanks to a spell, I managed to possess my beautiful hot neighbour. Just... I didn't planned she received a visit from her parents ! But now they are gone, I can finally explore this young and beautiful female body.
When me and my buddy got the two hottest girls in swap class and instantly knew it was a write off. I would not being doing a second of work while I looked like this….sooo we came up with another plan, fingers crossed he doesn’t report us for this!
"I'm ready!" I call out. We were supposed to go see a movie, but ever since your mom stole my body, you've noticed how weird I've been acting. This was definitely a new one!
Your boss is a real ball buster, but this is too far. Her new trophy husband wants a baby, but she can't get pregnant. She has blackmail on you and says you have to be the surrogate or you're getting fired. (RP)
One day, my roommate caught me crossdressing and we hooked up. It became a regular thing, and turned into something serious. Our families are very conservative, so they insisted that I go to the swap clinic and become a real girl so we could be properly married. I'm so excited for my wedding day!
What is the best body swap/possession websites or videos?
"I don't know Kyle, you tell me: does it look like I have a mohawk?!" Ever since I took one of them Ginger X-Change pills, my male friends seem to be more concerned about my pubic hair than the fact that I'm a girl now.
I was waiting in my room as they decided on my punishment for "masculine tendencies." Me and one of the other boys had been talking about sports when we got caught. Fem Supremis, the cult my stepmother had been taken into, tolerated no masculinity in their compound. I mean, I used to be a normal guy
Swap Class made me transform into the teacher. That's extremely rare! And this teacher is strict but everyone loves her ass. So I'm gonna fuck my best friend and get her fired! Rp?
It started as a prank, morph into his perfect dream girl, flirt, and then reveal your trickery. But he was nice, and funny, and good in bed so the moment never felt right. But the prank has gone a little too far. You're supposed to walk down the aisle in an hour, can you really go through with this?
Getting called to the Principals office so much was getting annoying. I hated this annoying ass old man. But this time was different. I didn't hold this power last time. We'd be getting a new exchange student. And boy was she into nerds, especially this one. (Rp)
Hello everyone! With new advancements in technology I have started a new company. Travel Swaps! Now you no longer have to save up and take time off work to travel. Just come in and tell us where you want to go and what gender you would prefer to travel as! 1st week is free travel! Message Us!
What’s with posts like this always popping up recently?
All The Way to The Bottom
Have you seen this news about instagram models taking a break by just lending their lives to someone else, fitting in ? I want to go with someone so we're not alone once swapped, who's in ?
I was just some random dude but turns out I was swapped at birth with Famous Actress Hailee Steinfeld. When I demanded my body back, she refused. In the end, the government forced her into swapping with me. Now I am going to live as Hailee for the rest of my life.
[F2F] [RP] "Sorry for the short notice, babe. You know how your sister is," life was weird for you, your girlfriend and sister were both swappers and traded lives frequently. Now, and for the next week, your girlfriend and sister have swapped places.
I was beginning to feel a lot of pity for you. A quiet nerdy guy who had never had a girlfriend; wasn’t exactly a promising sign. Luckily for me I had a one-way ticket into a new body of my choosing and I know you like the cosplay girl next door…
I haven’t been on here for so long! I actually figured out how to bodyswap for real and have been having lots of fun, you maybe have seen me on tiktok or… onlyfans. Maybe we could make some vids together? Would you rather go on a date with me in outfit 1 or have me round yours in outfit 2?
PAWG Blonde gets fucked
Endless Plowcam
"I don't know Kyle, you tell me: does it look like I have a mohawk?!" Ever since I took one of them Ginger X-Change pills, my male friends seem to be more concerned about my pubic hair than the fact that I'm a girl now.
Do you desire to swap bodies because you think your body is boring? Bad? Lame? Would you be mad with the person who becomes you proves that your body wasn’t the problem?
I was a wealthy lord till a peasant girl stole my body. Now I'm stuck with the duty of finding a man to marry and bearing children.
At the Gym you randomly swapped with the hottest girl in there, she also was strong as anything. You get the best of both worlds and you can even fuck your submissive self. Only you become addicted to being a women from the Amazon and the sex drive of her
Ready to Go Out
50,000 Subreddit Users!
It was a week before our big game against the rival school. Being our star player the other school looked for any way to make sure I didn’t play. Well looks like they found it, now my girlfriend is my best friend and my best friend is my boyfriend. (Rp dm/chat)
I had been found to have an aptitude for magic and so was sent to a school that could nurture that. I was a late addition though and so the only dorm with room for me was with two girls. They didn't like the idea of sharing with a boy, so using a bit of magic they've decided to make me fit in better
No dude I’m not looking at the camera I can’t believe you forced my soul into your little sisters body I don’t care that she’s mean and annoying or that I would be a better younger sister what do you mean I better get used to this wait she starts at your college soon (looking for someone to gm)
I was walking down the street when someone shot me with a swap gun I blacked out for a little bit and when I woke up I was in a new body and a different city (rp wanted looking for a gm)
I had swapped into my sister's friend to see who in her friend group has a crush on me at this party. "Omg is that Ryan he's so cute." Crap she warned me the spell left her brain in her I can't let our control me I need to focus.... Wait is be coming over to me. (RP)
Ok something definitely went wrong. My son complained that for the past few weeks, he’s been bullied by some kid named Alex. I tried using a possession spell on Alex to embarrass him, but for some reason, the spell put me in the body of this girl. And I can’t figure out how to unpossess her. (RP)
"Do you wanna have a three-way?" "OK."
Sweet Color on Her
To surprise my husband I hired a prostitute to swap bodies with me to give him the best sex of his life all day! Only problem is she said she wants me to work as her… I hope she has a light day today. I said before I began going to the first destination in her phone. (RP)
When I arrived at the clinic I wasn’t expecting to be approached by a married couple they explained it was permanent and I’d become the wife, that was over an hour ago and now I’m out on my first date with my new husband and he seems excited about his new wife (RP/DM/AMA)
Can Anyone Use Face Magic to put my gf on Gif if so msg me plz
my mom swapped bodies with me by accident but i don't know the only way to swap again is for her to fuck me so she tries to do it in my sleep so i don't notice. (rp in dm)
My sister was an absolute attention whore. And she got all the attention she wanted too! When we were paired for our college’s swap class because of our last names, I found out how much I loved the attention. Like it physically turns me on having people watch me. I put the whore in attention whore
Holy fuck I’m horny! It’s been less than 24 hours as a girl and I’m already riding a man’s cock, I should’ve of let my sister use that spell on me
Hoppers aren’t born with their powers. They appear later in life, and you have to learn to control them. That’s how I learned I was one this morning. I woke up in a new place as a new person. I’m confused as hell, but I’m not complaining. I need to figure how to control this power though and go back
I have been trying to get a promotion at work for months. My boss categorically refused, a colleague gave me a pill to help me "convince him". I take it and find myself in the body of my boss's wife, I don't know what to do now.
Why would i give this body back! its gorgeous, young, fit big boobs. Im going to make millions and love every minute of it on the way through. question is what do i do first?
30 [M4M] Any confident bisexual guys for my body possession roleplay?
"Like I'd let you get away. Stupid manthing! You won't live long" you just tripped and fell over and thought your life was over as Lady Dimitrescu dominated you. Instead of eternal darkness, you open your eyes inside of her body, completely in control of it. You grasp your new power and smile.
these shorts hug me in the all the right places
My boobs really dont wanna stay in this
Gender flu journal day three: I think my change is almost done. I woke up this morning and my cock was completely gone. Not even the nub that was there last night is left. Just a feminine slit. I used the bathroom this morning and had no choice except sitting. I guess Charlie is gone forever. (RP)
"Okay, here we go, Madeleine !" I say as I take one last look from outside at the bodysuit my husband rented for our 50th wedding anniversary. I then press the button on the remote control to let go for 48H my 74 year old body for that of this young pin-up.
Flower bra
I had enough of work and my bitch of a boss so I took it into my own hands. I arranged a deal with a homeless man to get a new life on the condition he does everything I say. Of course he agreed so I turned him into slime I spiked my boss with. Now I hold all the strings and he's my puppet (RP)
Dammit, he's living my dream
“Alright Lindsay… I went to that stupid date with Carlos… please say that was the last task.” After my sister found me jerking off to a picture of our step-mom, she decided not only to swap our bodies, but to blackmail me so. Felt more like she was enjoying putting me through hell though… “Well?!”
Amazing rack
“Dakota… don’t look at me, this isn’t my fault…” I say while looking at the former Swap Class partner. You might be asking, what isn’t my fault? Good question, it would be that through a glitch, I just swapped bodies permanently with the university’s star soccer player. What happens next? (RP)
“Hmmm, how’s this angle?” I ask as I send you a selfie of your own body, I’ve been trying some of your hobbies quite a bit after an accident left us body swapped (DM/RP)
Some random fairy came up to me, and told me I was 'Perfect to help' her master? Then, she used some weird magic and turned me into a girl?! Next thing I knew, I was a woman! and in your bedroom... our bedroom? Why did I suddenly remember being... I'm your girlfriend, right?
Celeb Suit
It felt weird for Alexis having a dildo in her hand. After She stole her body she found her toy-collection. Alexis wanted to have some fun with it but felt weird knowing her Aunt used it bevor even tough its the same pussy she has now
It felt weird for Alexis having a dildo in her hand. After She stole her body she found her toy-collection. Alexis wanted to have some fun with it but felt weird knowing her Aunt used it bevor even tough its the same pussy she owns now
DO NOT HIT UPVOTE! It activates a Glitch in reality that swaps you into a reality where you were born the opposite gender. Instead of me trying to get my wife pregnant, my new husband got me pregnant last night!!
Other subs like this?
Jacqueline wanted to try out astral projection, so she set up a tent in the middle of the woods to concentrate. After a while she expulsed her soul and explored around, but when she wanted to go back inside her body, she saw it was being used by someone else. She didn't know about astral projection.
(M4TF)You were my girlfriend of 6 months and i haven’t thought of you any different than the other girls. But after one make out session, i felt something poking me. I slowly pull away and saw your cock exposed. “Wow” i say softly (rp)
When the Great Shift put my mom in my crush's body, I thought it was over. But it turns out that not only the attraction with my crush was mutual, but it was also so strong that my mom can't suppress it.
I was just some random dude but turns out I was swapped at birth with Famous Actress Hailee Steinfeld. When I demanded my body back, she refused. In the end, the government forced her into swapping with me. Now I am going to live as Hailee for the rest of my life.
"What? Just because I let everyone call me princess doesn't mean I can't wear my metal band hoodies." Ever since I got swapped by the great shift, I've been a totally different person, I was cute, flirtatious and sweet... but little parts of me kept shining through from time to time...
I wished I could go to Coachella, but I couldn’t afford plane tickets. When I woke up the next morning, I was there as a girl. Now the festival is over and I don’t know how to get back to my old life (RP)
I squirted like never before watching my boyfriend swapped in my body getting fucked by my friend swapped in my boyfriend's body, and now it's my turn!
Every small town has a rich bitch, and in ours, that would be Aubrey. So, when we got word that Aubrey and her family were going on a luxurious vacation for Spring Break, we took an old possession spell and took control of Aubrey (left, you) and her mom Linda (right, me)!
I had hired a hooker after I fucked her I pushed her out of my car not paying her she got angry as she swapped our bodies she said her pimp won't be happy I'm fucking for free before she drove off in my body (rp wanted)
Watch body swap nanny - Body Swap, Possession, Fetish Porn - SpankBang
when my crush came up to me and ask do I want to spend spring break with her instead of going on holiday to Australia I agreed but when I woke up I was in her body and a text from my phone saying thanks for the free holiday (rp wanted)
Oh damn. Them tits
I was masturbating and thinking about Elizabeth Olsen, when I came my body transformed into hers. right then my dad walked in and saw me (rp in dm)
If your day doesnt start with coffee and a hand-job, you need to re-evaluate your morning routine. [f]40 [m]41
My dad’s machine malfunctioned so bad. It swapped my girlfriend into my sister’s body and me into my sister’s dog. The worst part is that my girlfriend doesn’t seem to mind any of it. (RP)
I have to remain calm so he doesn’t figure out who I am. James was an asshole, but his family was rich. His girlfriend hated him which made my job easy. I told her I could take her place and she said yes in a heartbeat. Now I just have to endure so I can steal all of the valuables his family has
I was in my room watching some porn, suddenly I feel a cock deep inside me (rp in dm)
God I never realized my mom had such a hot body, especially her ass! now that i'm in her body i see it. Maybe I can convince her for some hot action. (rp in dm)
As a part of the mob I had to kill one of the rats. What they don't know is I can hop, and so they can be killed by anyone I'm behind the wheel of. I was ready to be cruel, I had hopped into my next target's trophy of a wife. I'm going to have alot of fun before doing the job
I don't know why but when I got into my sister's panties I switched bodies with her. (rp in dm)
"Please revert the spell" I begged. I was a compulaive masturbator and i really needed to quit so i asked my friend whos a witch to help so she cursed me so that everytime i cum i slowly become a girl. Its only been 3 weeks and im about to lose my cock forever as it turns into a tight new pussy(Rp)
my mom swapped bodies with me by accident but i don't know the only way to swap again is for her to fuck me so she tries to do it in my sleep so i don't notice. (rp in dm)
I woke up in my ex-girlfriend's 19 year old body. Don't know how I got here, but it's like my old body never existed. I'm horny at thinking about using Tinder to meet guys after work! Message me for RP [RP]
Coming back from the gym, oops WTF
When Your Strapon Wearer Cums
Two sexy babes gets fucked by a shemale tranny – Shemale Fuck Fest
Naomi Soraya - he had my spidey senses tingling (OC)
My girlfriend broke up with me tight before my birthday party. Luckily I have a great friend. He decided to take an x change pill and surprise me with a flirtatious date. He seems to really be taking this serious.
“Mom! Have you seen my bras and panties? For some reason I only have boys clothes in my drawers.” When I went to bed last night I was a guy. Now I think I’ve always been a girl, but it seems like reality hasn’t fully adapted (RP)
I couldn’t believe it with one mistake in my actions caused to be reincarnated as a Japanese woman with hefty assets and broken English!
"Come on! You know you both find us attractive as each other! If you let us swap you both, then we all can have some real fun!" my girlfriend says from her friend's body (left). Her friend nods in my girlfriend's body (right). I look at you (the other boyfriend) to see what we should do.
"I think you are very close. This should be the hottest body possible." We were working on a reality altering device and currently are calibrating it using me as a guinea pig. (RP in DMs, 21+)
You've heard about people hacking in video games well now the next best thing is hacking people through video games. Whilst playing overwatch Ava became a slave to the wills of a fat and sweaty hacker. He was behind the scenes controlling everything she does. She's still conscious and she's pissed
My mother in law and I kinda swapped bodies but she didn't know about my sexsuchz, now she's mega horny and wants to fuck me (rp in dm)
Hitomi takes off her bra and puts on a tiny bikini top
I wanted to join the tennis pro circuit fo the insane prize money, but instead of doing the hard work i thought id just steal the body of an existing star. I couldn't believe my luck when i found this hottie! she have has her own racquet and balls which was a huge suprise!
DO NOT HIT UPVOTE! It activates a Glitch in reality that swaps you into a reality where you were born the opposite gender. Instead of me trying to get my wife pregnant, my new husband got me pregnant last night!!
You know that feeling when you click on something and feel like it’s going to steal your information? Yeah that happened today… except rather than taking info, this bitch took my body! Ah whatever, I’ll relieve my stress with her goods.
why would I give up this body? everything feels better with a pussy 🍑
Could somebody continue this masterpiece?
Netflix And Chill - Disney Plus And Thrust
[F2F] I was a regular nerdy, shy girl, until you, my asshole Co-worker, got your hands on a strange and mysterious device which could alter reality, now, I'm completely at your mercy as you corner me and begin to turn me into your ideal Bimbo slut against my will. (Chat for RP)
Cute PAWG enjoying doggystyle
When your favourite cosplayer dosent take comissions and you really want her to do your obscure cartoon character, just swap into her body and do it yourself!
“Dude this pre-workout tastes weird…” I said drinking some spiked with x-change. As I finished it down my best friend watched me change into a beautiful woman. “Why are you staring so much?” I asked confused. (RP)
I was in an traffic accident, which left me paralyzed, while the woman who hit me was left brain dead. The doctors at the hospital decided to perform an experimental operation, which would transplant my brain into her body. It worked, and now I'm at my old home in her body calling you on Discord. RP
You had a crush on me, so you asked me out. But i declined since i didn’t like guys. So you bought a pill that could change your gender. You were now that girl next door. You caught me outside. Talking to some of my friends. It’s time to ask me out again. (Rp)
[F2F] "Oh, that bitch! She won't get away with this!" My boyfriend said he had a crazy ex, but he didn't tell me HOW crazy! Today, I woke up in her body! There are NO clothes in the house and I just got a text from my old phone telling me I have a big day ahead of me... the fuck is going on?! [RP]
I think i died then woke up as a woman with a weird menu (1/?)
Everyone thinks that I caused the swap with my neighbor during the FOSE. But she did it! Martha said she fancied me and wanted to be younger… and male… you have to believe me!
I was at a college dorm party when I bumped into this girl instantly our bodies swaps as I look off I quickly see my old body run off (rp wanted)
[a4a] m2f becoming a gilf
(M4TF) "Fuck dude, you're the best~" Your roommate would tease as he used your throat like it was a fleshlight~ It's been months since you've transitioned, and your best friend's birthday was right around the corner. You were only into women, but hey, a birthday blowjob for your bro couldn't hurt~
(M4TM) You'd see your roommate's surprised expression as you non-chalantly revealed that you were trans~ "Hmm? Yeah dude, I have a pussy, what's the big dea- Oh~ Don't tell me you're turned on or something~" You'd tease before slowly pulling down on the hem of your shorts. "Hehe, wanna see it?"
X-Slave, an illegal drug made by tampering with the X-Change pill that turns someone into the opposite gender and allows you to easily manipulate their new form. I didn’t know what I was taking at the time when my friend offered it to me, but now, I’ve lost myself entirely as he tells me to strip
I was checking out my girlfriend’s body when I figured out I was missing old parts from my body. I opened my pants to see nothing but emptiness between my legs. “Oh my gosh I lost my manhood.” I rub between my legs “This body is really horny thought but I need to pee first. RP (Pt 2)
My girlfriend kept asking me to be in a threesome. But she only wanted one with another guy. So obviously I didn’t want to have one just to see her be fucked by another man. She got tired of asking, and swapped us. Now I’m in love with my wife’s cock has we both get penetrated together. How romantic
I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience (22M)
My second puberty hit me hard. I became a pawg milf by the end of it and my entire life changed because of it. Even now whenever I try to clean up our house my roommate would repeatedly come up behind me and pull down my pants to see my ass. "C'mon dude can you stop doing that? It's really annoying!
When my brother died we were all heartbroken. We were attending his funeral when my aunt was acting weird. She kept checking herself out and she was hardly upset. She also was weird about alone time with the casket. I hope she works herself out this is my brother's funeral for fucks sake
Hypnotits
Help me find it!
I hope my per(f)ect areolas grab your attention 😉
I pissed off a weird old man who claimed to be a wizard. Now he's swapped me and my daughter's bodies and is blackmailing us into doing incest stuff. (rp in dm)
Uh oh! It’s seems (you) The Joker has been body swapped with Harley Quinn. You are not one to overthink or let something go to waste. However long you are in this curvy thicc new body, your gonna have fun. First thing on your mind “where are those heroes” (Rp wanted, 18+)
(M4A) The introduction of a Lust Core has caused GLaDOS' experiments to take on a rather perverted twist~ As the new Core slowly gains more and more control over her personality, the killer AI would steadily become sluttier and more desperate for sexual pleasure~
I took a sip of her wine she still had in a glass by her kitchen sink and then went to bed. I woke up and realized I was now Rach! Couldn’t spend too much time thinking as I had to get dressed for her work event to attend, hope I attracted the attention of a lot of men there
(M4A) "Asuna" couldn't help but smirk at the sight of Kirito cutting down Sugou~ Little did he know that Sugou had long since accepted his inevitable defeat. Instead, the antagonist chose to swap bodies with Asuna, realizing that it was the only way he could ever be with her~
(GM4M) You'd turn your new phone on and notice a strange app that came pre-installed: "Body SwApp". Tapping it would open a map of some kind, showcasing the locations of other nearby users. A notification would pop up on your screen, indicating someone sent you a DM request on the app, who was it?
[M4A] Possession Roleplay
(M4TF) "Fuck dude, you're the best~" Your roommate would tease as he used your throat as if it were a fleshlight~ It's been months since you've transitioned, and your best friend's birthday was right around the corner. You were only into women, but hey, a birthday blowjob for your bro couldn't hurt~
"Alright guys, I know I've been like... not responding for a few weeks... I kinda got TG Flu, I'll come hang out today but I look like this now... no one freak out, or be weird around me, okay?" After I got TG flu I hid it from all my friends... but now I realized there was no hiding this new body!
"s-swap us back! I can't live like this!" I look up at my body as already knowing what's going on. I just lost a bet with this fairy and didn't know i was betting my body. "I didn't know fairies existed until today and had no clue you could do this, can't you just let this one go? please?" (dm2rp)
Spooky Island with Celebrities
What Do You Think Is Going Through Febby Twigs Mind As I Prodigiously Penetrate Her Pussy On My Big Black Couch?
"Fucking... of course we can do it again! Why would I say no? But... don't tell anyone, okay? If people hear that I fucked you after I got stuck in her body... I'll be in trouble." Swap class left me stuck in the body of one of the cheer girls... and I'd been so horny for you the whole time...
Every year our family gets together to have a family swap. Every year until now I've been getting another guy like my dad or uncle but this year I got my aunt. When I realized I was in her body I knew I had to check out her body. (RP)
Hi everyone! Recently I did a face swap and came up with a great caption design. Then my writer's block hit, and I couldn't even start writing the cap. So, if you have any ideas to help or want to collab, feel free to hit me up. I was thinking about a Role Exchanger story, but anything will do.
I had never been particularly into Easter, but when I was walking around yesterday a girl came up to me and with a big grin she handed me a decorated chocolate egg before skipping away. I decided to eat it when I went home.. but it was cursed, it turned me into a woman, and I'm stuck in a bunny suit
"Consider Spring Break a trial run," my new parents said to me. "If you behave yourself and are a good daughter, then we'll consider making this more of permanent." Sam has been a huge disappointment for her parents, and they had offered me to become her instead. I will try my best! (AMA
It really upset my Mom I was born male. After my Dad left early on she raised me a girl, it’s the only life I knew. Instead of saving for college for me she saved for a Body Swap instead. Here we are out celebrating of first official Mother Daughter vacation.
When my boss told me to cancel my plans and work through spring break or else he'd fire me, I was furious. I left work and a mysterious old dude handed me a pink pill. I took it that night and found myself in my boss's daughter's body at a beach hotel! Guess I'm having a spring break after all...
Hey anyone wanna do a Rp that’s LGBTQ+!
My daughter and I had swapped bodies for my birthday. I agreed and I am loving it! Being a woman is insane and I feel so care free. However, I walk around in one of her new lingerie sets everyday and I think it’s messing with her head. Whilst she was at my work I sent her these pictures…(RP Wanted)
How in the world did you wind up in the body of a sexy curvy woman? Who happens to be tied up in a cosplay costume? You’ve inferred that you haven’t been kidnapped, and whomever’s body in which you’ve found yourself is waaaaay too indulging to me, her nerdy boyfriend! Message me to roleplay!
Hoppr was the latest app for consenting hoppers to find partners. But it was a long and tedious process and a look of e-contracts. This one hottie, Sydney, total 10 but refused to match with me. I got frustrated and took her body anyway. Now, it’s time to go on Tinder
What do you think?
Career aptitude was taken very seriously, We'd literally get turned into an ideal body for our career. I'd been a sports guy all my life and even on the team but my results were some weird shit and I turned into this chick! "Dude! what the fuck is a kpop idol?!"
"This top is ridiculously tiny!" ... You were on a date with my sister when the Great Shift hit and I wound up in her body. At first I was super embarrassed to be dressed like this and having my sister's boyfriend flirt with me, but as the night went on I started to enjoy myself a bit...
There was a serial fasher going around, some old dude who got a kick scaring people with his junk. So, contracted by the police, I decided to put a stop to it. The second he found me, mid flash, I transformed him into a young broken english asian, so now people would enjoy seeing him flash. (Rp)
Me and my family got together for a family gathering, everything was going smoothly until a strange storm rolled in flicking the power in our house, a large strike of lightning hit the house and caused everyone's souls to split from their bodies flying around with little control (rp, are we)
"Damn it why isn't the swap back working?" I had allowed you to use my body yesterday for some errand while I did your job at Disney. But now the swap back spell isn't working. Little did I know you made it permanent by fucking my girlfriend yesterday so you would no longer be the Disney slut. (RP)
Going anywhere with my shapeshifter friend was terrible. Everytime we get somewhere private he changes and tries to turn me on. This sucks, and what sucks more is he tries doing it changing into my sister. What do I do now!
I Set Them Free [OC]
When the great shift happened, I remained unchanged except for my sister and mom, which bodies were now occupied by pervert. That was pretty hard for me, until I found out my neighbor changed bodies with her dog, so I stayed all day at her house and used her body for my own satisfaction.
“Listen you guys it was already unfair that I had three older sisters, you guys have made it much worse by making me the youngest sister, just because mom and dad have gone for a month you think you can get away with it” (RP)
"Remind me again: Why did I have to take this pill again? And why am I wearing this lingerie? I am still dizzy." (DM for RP)
My wife was always complaining about how difficult her job was I always told her it couldn’t be that bad so to prove me wrong she swapped bodies with me and told me to work as her for a week, its my first day and before I even walked in the office my dress broke something tells me this won’t be easy
I walked into the restaurant we had arranged to meet at. It was a weird scenario since you and I hadn’t hung out for a few weeks, and I didn’t have a clue why that was. I pick up my phone and see ‘I’m here’ from you, but the only person there? This beautiful girl in a dress. Was this a prank? (RP)
As we stand, you watch as my hair continues changing color. More blonde one second, more black the next. It was a game of wits and pain, as I had hopped into the body of your crush, not knowing she was a hopper too… and now we were both fighting for control. (RP)
I was walking down the street when someone shot me with a swap gun when I woke up two hours later I was in a new body in a random city (rp wanted looking for someone to gm)
(M4ApFB) You've always had the biggest crush on your roommate, the only problem was that he was straight~ One evening, both of us were a little tipsy together and you jokingly say that you could make him cum harder than any girl. "Oh yeah? Put on that cute cosplay you like wearing and lets see~"
My friend and I just got to the hotel for spring break. We didn’t realize the free rooms were cursed. Once we set our things down is when we started to change. Now we are 21 year old girls and not 26 year old guys. I’m on the right. We post the pic to public snap. (RP always open)
(M4A) The introduction of a Lust Core has caused GLaDOS' experiments to take on a rather perverted twist~ As the new Core slowly gained more and more control over her personality, the killer AI would steadily become sluttier and more desperate for sexual pleasure~
(M4A) The year is 2100 and the most common treatment for gender dysphoria is transferring the patient's mind into a super cute android~ "Are you done? Sweet, mind cleaning me up?" You'd ask your roommate after he used your high-end fleshlight pussy to empty his balls~
I'd overheard some guy acting like a total creep, saying something about toying with the next girl who got on the train. Hmm maybe he should see what its like, and have a hrd time asking for help. So why not the classic, broken english asian school girl? He'd be the one getting toyed with. (Rp)
I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience (22M)
My sister and best friend got in a car crash and the only way they could save them both was to put him in her body and make him think he was always my sister. I can’t have my sister get hurt again. I’m going to protect her at all costs.
Seducing Luke Skywalker to the dark side turned out to be a lot harder than Darth Vader anticipated. I had to resort to an essence transfer and take over Princess Leia's body. Let's hope a friendly face will make him more amendable as the emperor won't forgive another failure on my part.
Whenever I came to your house I'd always see myself out, that was a lie. I would usually jump into your sister and play around a bit. This usually worked out without anything going wrong. But this time you walked in on "Your sister" sending me your best friend a video of her playing with herself
I was sick of having no money so I came up with a plan I took a xchange pill and tonight I'm meeting my new surgar daddy for the first time (ama/rp)
“Alright. You all look perfect! Now for your final assignments before you are accepted into the frat. Cole and Matt, or should I say Chloe and Melissa, all you have to do is avoid having sex tonight. Tom and Kevin, or Taylor and Kelsey, you each need to have sex with a guy to get in” (RP)
"Hey so um. my neighbor wanted a break from her life so she swapped c with me. " I said in a text to my best friend. "Um can you come over i need to talk. " (rp/ama)
"Hey! Your girlfriend asked if she could borrow my body for a few days, hope you don't mind! I'll try not to make it too weird!" (Roleplay wanted)
One moment I am in my room jerking off to my recently moved in neighbor crush, then suddenly I am looking at her mirror taking a selfie in her body… “Is this the SwapApp…?” I think she used it by accident… (RP/DM)
“Dude?! Did you have to make me so busty!” I ask you checking my new body out. You needed a date to impress your parents and decided to transform me into a girl to convince them. (DM to RP!)
This Old Man swapped out bodies, and he's making me watch. I can't do anything, if I think about doing anything he said he would turn off his pacemaker and kill me in his body. Now he found he dofus grunt and is paying him for his loyalty by letting him fuck me. I hate watching but I'm forced to
I was sitting on the couch next to my wife annoyed me. She wouldn't let me go to my buddies bachelor party so I was stuck at home. I let out a long sigh and closed my eyes. Wishing I could be there and when I opened my eyes I was in his body with a strippers round ass in my face
(F4M) About to graduate from college and want to go on holiday! Temporarily selling possession of my body to fund it! Looking for a gross and perverted RP! I’m Limitless! (Feeding pics of her throughout)
When my girlfriend found a way to swap out bodies a million ideas came to mind one of which was fucking each other while swapped. I was on board but that was before I realized that our motor skills were a bit off. "H-hey stop! That's the wrong hole!" (RP)
(M4ApFB) "Fuck fuck fuck fuck alright alright, I admit it~ Boys make the best girls~" Your roommate would groan as you continued to pump his throbbing cock. You swore that you could drain his balls better than any chick, and it looks like you were right~
I didn't believe you when you said you could transform bodies. I didn't believe you could transform clothes. But after you did both, I should've believed you could control minds [RP]
Daisy's Dairy Jugs
[F2F] [RP] You received a text from your ex that just ominously said, "See if you love her now," followed by a shriek in your bedroom. Laying on the bed where your girlfriend had been sleeping was now your VERY pregnant ex-girlfriend, who was freaking out. Your ex had just swapped bodies with her...
I couldn’t believe it. Not only was my hugely pregnant neighbor stripping in my living room, but she’s claiming I should too, cause I’m gonna rip out of my clothes? What is she talking about?
this skirt makes me feel so pretty!
“I can’t thank you enough, this is spectacular!” I yell with a wide smile while turning back to the pitch. You had season tickets to my favorite football club, unfortunately, only family could use them. With a little spell, I ended up in your mom’s body. I wonder how today will go! (RP)
Can you help me find my panties?
My brothers girlfriend approached me about a body swap after my brother had refused to do it with her. She was pretty hot and I thought being a chick couldn’t be that bad. Once we swapped we hung out with each other and I accidentally brushed my former cock and one thing led to another…(RP Wanted)
Freshly shaved, and dripping wet 😘(f)
My friend was absolutely terrified when I offered to give him a tattoo or piercing. He was foo scared to go through with it. So with a little help from my power I made him obsessed with getting tattoos and piercings, and he'd find any way to pay for them. (Rp)
I wasn’t paying attention once day as I was crossing the streets only to briefly hear a breaking noise and honk of the car before everything went white thankfully I was quickly being reincarnated as a young Japanese girl~
I recently lost a but to my roommate and the deal was that whoever lost was to get fucked by the other. I even took an xchange pill but he still fucked my ass
“So why did we take the X-change pills for Spring Break???” Forgetting the bet that we can’t get laid or we get stuck as in this form “It’s to get the most numbers right??” Sticks my tongue out at you (RP anytime)
How many people here have tried account swaps? What’s your experience been like?
What happens when the Christian girl loses her battle against the possession demon?! She becomes a slutty goth! Duh! (Open Rp)
I was kidnapped and they did all sorts of operations before they released me... and now I am a woman. My family and friends all know me as a guy and now this? This is so humiliating! (RP open) (I become on of them)
My daddy said if I can prove to him I’m financially responsible and can earn money on my own he would add me back to his will! So I’ve put my body up to be possessed for a little bit! This is going to be easy money right? (RP)
Our parents went away for the month and my three older sisters thought this would be the time to change me into their little sis for fun (I’m in the navy blue top) (rp)
I was home alone with my little sister when our postman came in the evening and showed me a weird necklace that swapped my body for his. now he's blackmailing me or he'll do something to my little sister (rp in dm)
Our parents went away for the month and my three older sisters thought this would be the time to change me into their little sis for fun (I’m in the navy blue top) (rp)
I was sitting at home minding my own business when suddenly I awoke in this body. I don't know what happened but the news is saying it's the great shift. one that happens only once every 1000 years.
I received a text from my phone. It looks like you done it again. There was my crush at a pool party I wasn't invited to, and you hopped her. Didn't want my Spring Break to start off like this. Seeing you play with my emotions and her body. What can I do now?
All I was doing was trying on jackets, and the all of a sudden my mody had a shiver and moved on it's own. My body stripped as I was a a prisoner behind my own eyes. Now I'm fingering myself. "There's my good slut" what on earth I didn't say that!
After you made fun of that witch at the bar a week ago she cursed you to randomly turn into your female self. As we’re hanging out in the park I see it’s happening again. “Come on dude we better go get you some different clothes.” (Rp chat/dm)
I lost a simple bet and was forced to turn myself into a women for the next 7 days... I took a temporary X-Change pill and let the magic happen. Even I was suprised by my new style and for some reason I loved to look into the mirror now. either way! You visit me to see the results "Happy now?" I ask
[F4A] "It's official, the two highest tippers will get to have our bodies all to themselves for the whole weekend," Unfortunately for the my bestie, myself, and the two winners... an emergency law would be passed preventing us from undoing the possession, leaving us all stuck~ [RP]
Show Us The Goods
Mom put me in her body to teach me a lesson, and possessed her own clothes to keep an eye on me, but she'd forgotten that if a witch is owned by anyone, her powers transfer to them. I already love wielding her witch magic. First of all, let's cut her down to size, and make her a nice pair of socks
Stranded: Markus
I just moved and didn’t have any family or friends to celebrate the holiday with. That’s when I woke up in her body! I wonder where the rest of my family is?
It seemed my friend made the mistake of using my "Stripperization." Shampoo i'd been working on. Abit ridiculous I know, but it was a request from a customer. When I headed in he was already doing a dance, and seemed to be quite into it, more then expected, must've used alot. (Rp)
Choke me
So you thought spiking my drink with an X-Change pill is funny huh, jokes on you, look at me now! I look almost Amazonian, Goddess like even! (rp)
POV: You were just rinsing some dishes when suddenly, you're sitting. You look down and realize you're naked, but your clothes aren't the only thing you're missing! The Great Shift just happened, you are now in the body of a young woman in South Korea...
I was minding my own business when a big wave threw me onto this beach. As I stand up, I realize that something is terribly wrong. I have somehow become female. Even worse, I feel the need to cover my chest and I don’t have a shirt. I call out. “Hello!?! Is anyone out here??” (RP)
All The Way to The Bottom
Kriss Gets Crazy, Squirts And Quivers
I’d bought my girlfriend her first PC for her birthday. However, I didn’t know she was joining random discord servers- this one had a plug-in that let the whole discord take turns to hop her body.
I had such a huge crush on my neighbor, I decided to try astral projection to see her naked. But I never intended to possess her! I wonder where she is while I'm in her body?
Not even Second Puberty could convince me to not go on our yearly holiday with my friends. Still, it was a bit weird I was the only girl around, but I tried not to think about that. "Come on guys! Let's have a swim by the river" (RP)
Someone had made pieces of chocolate and dipped it in an experimental body swap serum then served it as a gift at my sisters gender reveal party, problem was everyone has had a piece of it including me as I watched bodies start dropping on the floor, you were my best friend.. where did we end up?
It was date night, traditionally you’d get all dolled up for me to splash an unnecessary amount of cash on you, I just didn’t know why we couldn’t just spend the night but no you were too high maintenance.. a strange rumble occurred as I made my way downstairs. “..Babe you ready?”
Alice is such a crazy witch in training. Every afternoon during spring break, she just lays on her attic's floor as the entire Esoteric Club lines up in Astral Projection, each waiting their turn to hop-in as we watch. The later you show up, the harder is for you to make her cum within five minutes.
"Sis turn this off right now" I demanded from inside her auto closet. I was super sexist and always called her names so as revenge she locked me inside her auto closet and set it to the gender swap mode which turned me into a girl all so she could teach me a lesson for everythin i did to her(Rp)
Suddenly transforming into a woman was a real hit to my confidence: Athletics has been a lifelong passion for me, and see so suddenly my times drop, was hard. At least, running kept me distracted from everything else. (RP)
I shake my head, my new chest shadowing my head’s movement as you ask me the question again. “For the last time, you can’t force me to go into that stupid dinner like this! I look like a stupid bimbo!!!”
This is why you goto college
Ive always been understanding of my sons intrests, but I have to say I was taken aback when he told me he wanted to buy a skinsuit. I gave him my card, but he used photos of his cousin so they could model it after her without me knowing! The most uncomfortable thing ive done to make my son happy RP
“Mom, I’m not going swimming, this is just an excuse for you to force me to wear this tight bikini!” I said upset. My mom and I didn’t always get along, so when she discovered I got a tattoo, she went crazy. I don’t know how but she changed me into her daughter, “you can’t force me mom”
Spooky Island was a place where creatures stole peoples bodies while on the island. The gang and I came here to help. Velma and Daphne lost their bodies and were possessed. Fred and scooby were yet to be found. Luckily I had just spotted Velma…
I was a serious career criminal, and I had just snatched Elizabeth Olsen's purse when suddenly a small rock fell out and then there was large flash. Then I was suddenly looking at myself. As the cops arrested my old crying body, I smiled as I touched my new body, I was gonna love my new life (RP).
"What the hell" I raised the dress I was suddenly wearing in this unfamiliar room "it's gone... it's all gone..." I mouthed in awe at the sight. Just seconds ago I was running the tracks after class before suddenly being thrust in this old woman's body. What in the world happened!?
(M4A) Your best friend had recently broken one of his legs and an arm~ Knowing he was probably feeling pretty bummed in the hospital, you decide to help him out a little. You'd use your possession powers to take over the bodies of a nurse that you knew he'd be into and pay him a visit~
I recently discovered that I could possess people through space and time. I also discovered I could take other people with me and possess multiple people at once. I tell you (My Best Friend) and give you our targets but you ask for proof (RP).
“Seriously dude?! Did you have to make me so… busty?!”. You had lied to your parents and told them you had a girlfriend so you had to transform me into your “girlfriend” for a dinner with them. (RP always open)
Anyone wanna play lana rhoades in a bbc rp for me dm me
I was in the middle of fantasizing about my crush, when the next thing that I knew I was suddenly in bed on top of another man. I blinked twice, staring down at the man. “Wha-what is going on here?” (Open RP - start a chat to RP)
My roomate thought it would be funny to slip and X-Change pill into my coffee this morning. So while J was taking a huge test, my shirt and pants ended up breaking, and I developed a thick Bosniane accent. Things only got worse when I got back to our apartment, and I stripped off my clothes (RP)
I can't believe this is happening. Turns out my grandmother is a witch. Also turns out she is immortal, in a way. Once she is old, she swaps with one of her descents. She chose me, so now I'm having to take her place...
I was a serious career criminal, and I had just snatched this rich celebs purse, when suddenly a small rock fell out, then there was a large flash. Then I was suddenly looking at myself. As the cops arrested my old crying body, I smiled as I touched my new body, I was going to love my new life (RP)
Virtual reality was the future, no one would argue this. especially when it got so advanced you could physically transplant your mind inside a character. me and my friends were beta testing Overwatch VR and I tried to queue up as Rein, only for the game to glitch and leave me as tracer!
For how much I spent on this hotel, you'd think the wait staff would have common sense. But one of the bellhops just kept barging in unannounced. I figured i'd get a new type of room service if this is how it would be. Instead of cleaning my room, the new bellhop would demand to clean me. (Rp)
Damn!
Stranded: Denis, Enrico, and Sofia
God I was exhausted, I had bought a week long stay on exchange island and figured I have some fun in another body. I didn't expect to swap into a really curvy woman! My boobs were extremely heavy to this bodies owner hadn't packed anything but bikinis! Just my luck
E-girl loves giving her bf blowjobs
I thought things would have gotten better after my bully got his body stolen. Surely he couldn’t be that bad anymore. Well, the fact that I’m in his… her room, on my knees, proves me wrong. (Rp)
You and I were swiping on our tinder profiles looking for hot women in the area when the great shift suddenly put us into the neighbors bodies. I couldnt believe my female body. You become my handsome brother
I stare at you with a smile as you stand scared, playing with your fingers. “So, do you want to come back to town with me, or would you rather have me leave you out here in the desert. Your choice… Ella.”
I have been ill for a long time and my sister is trying to get money for my medicines. I wanted to know how she makes the money for it, so I wanted to switch bodies with her. when i activated the spell i got my reply she is selling her body (rp in dm)
Nobody expected immortality to come as soon as 2027 but the tech was simple enough. An injection of donor stem cells that proliferate and multiply through the body. A second injection that kills the old, male, senescent cells. In a month, I'd gained 40 years
I'd been visiting my dad when we were ushered into Witness Protection. When we were told we'd be getting new bodies, I obviously requested being young again, and decided I wanted to try being a woman. My dad made the same request for youth, and, well, turns out we're now husband and wife. (AMA)
I recently discovered that I could possess people through space and time. I also discovered I could take other people with me and possess multiple people at once. I tell you (My Best Friend) and give you our targets but you ask for proof (RP).
So cute
When Tanya invited me over to study, I though it was rather unusual. While we were reviewing algebra and she asked me if I wanted to play dolls, I though it was quite an odd thing to say. Little did I know I'd be the doll she'd be dressing up. This is weird AF, but to be honest: I can't complain!
I live alone with my mother. when she wanted to wake me up for school this morning, I wasn't a boy anymore! (rp in dm)
I switched bodies with my mother-in-law to see if my wife was cheating on me. I don't know why but she has a hard time restraining herself in my body but doesn't want to fuck her own daughter. (rp to dm)
(M4ApF) Now that The Age of the Stars has been ushered in, all that was left to do was enjoy the married life with your tarnished~ A few modifications to the doll that housed your soul later, and you were ready to give your husband the reward of a lifetime~
"What the..." I had been enjoying some "private time" when I blacked out, waking up with two massive, oiled up tits in my hands, and they're mine! I really hope this girl isn't too angry at me...
I had such a huge crush on my neighbor, I decided to try astral projection, hoping just to see her naked. I never planned to possess her! I wonder where she is while I'm in her body
Ever since that old body stealing bitch took my body she keeps gloating about it. Worse still is how she keeps sending me pictures of her together with my girlfriend. I know it's messed up, but I can't help but close my eyes and imagine it's really me fucking her again instead...
I was running from the cops before I ran into this apartment as it had its window open. I ran into its occupant, and to escape I had to occupy her. Now I'm just waiting for the heat to cool but I've been feeling hot and bothered. I hope they don't come round trying to question.
Your mom had been missing ever since she went to church. Either your bully prayed really hard or he did something as you received this video from his phone. What on earth has happened and why is your mom doing this on his phone?
Am I showing off my boobs or am I now just a woman with larger than average breasts just existing in this misogynistic society? No, it's clearly the latter: I'm literally showing you off my tits. Can't you see how big my ripe areolas are? Omg they're so fucking sensitive! Skimpy dresses are the best
heading out tonight :D
My wife and I are trying to have a baby but unfortunately, we couldn't due to her inferlity. I told my parents and they gave me this device to make my wish come true. In order to do that, my wife and I had to swap genders so Now, I'm the woman and she's now a man.(DM)
(M4A) You'd raise your eyebrow at the severe lack of goth, mommy domme porn~ This just won't do! One gender swap pill later, and you were the big tiddy goth girl of your dream~ All that was left to do was call your hung roommate over and wrap him around your dainty little finger~
What’s your ideal body to swap with?
I lost a simple bet and was forced to turn myself into a women for the next 7 days... I took a temporary X-Change pill and let the magic happen. Even I was suprised by my new style and for some reason I loved to look into the mirror now. Either way! You visit me to see the results "Happy now?" I ask
Just as my girlfriend and I were about to have sex, she said she felt weird, then her body started changing, turning her into a 40 something years old woman. “Babe? What the hell happened to you!?”(Rp always open)
Every day I was cursed to live a new life, I would always change my appearance 6am every morning never to be the person I was before. I was constantly lonely. This was who I was today. I couldn't complain. Now what can I do today?
I can't wait to take Swap Class next week. This semester will be the BEST! I heard that a bunch of cool people signed up this year. [Images from Alternate Universes #11 - Swap Class Pornhub]
My friend came over to help me test some new drugs, but unfortunately he accidentally took the wrong ones from my batch of failures. He combined milfization and Asianization drugs so now he has aged up, becoming more motherly in every way, and becoming asian, speaking broken english (Rp)
TikTok thot
thick pussy or thick ass?
Help my yoga instructor took my body after teaching me how to Astral project! They ran off leaving my spirt and here body in the studio I don't know where to go!
(M4TM) "Really dude? You couldn't have asked for anything else?" You owed your roommate quite a few favors for all the times he's helped you out on assignments, and he's finally decided to redeem one~ He asked you to doll yourself up in a slutty outfit and let him empty a few loads inside you~
It was the day when i was going to college. You didn’t want me to go so you possessed my girlfriend. Unknowing to me, i get to her house since her and i are leaving together. I ring the door bell. You sat in her room in her body. You hear the door bell and looked out your window to see me. (Rp)
Stranded: Raphaël
Despite future’s progress, VR gaming still had kinks to work out. I’d Finished a game of C.o.D. when I logged out into the girl’s body and room. Hackers were rampant and had stolen my credentials and swapped them with hers. Now, for the annoying trip to the police to hopefully explain this
My asshole coworker thought it would be hilarious to slip an xchange pill into my morning coffee and it even transformed my clothes. At least I got to leave early. Now I just hope this wears off before my wife or daughter come home. (RP)
(M4A) Your best friend had recently broken one of his legs and an arm~ Knowing he was probably feeling pretty bummed in the hospital, you decide to help him out a little. You'd use your possession powers to take over the bodies of a nurse that you knew he'd be into and pay him a visit~
I was so close to being evicted, I hadn't payed rent in almost a month, and my landlord was furious... so I did the most reasonable thing I could think. I took a Gender X-change pill, and hoped I would be a cute girl... it worked! So... now I have to go fuck my landlords brains out like this...
I was at a festival this guy was handing out what I thought was Molly when I took mine I blacked out for a couple seconds when I opened my eyes I was in a girls body and my body no where to be seen (rp wanted)
(M4MtF) You were the old CEO of a declining company. Desperate to continue your legacy, you'd use forbidden magic to swap bodies with the sole daughter of the CEO behind the rival company that was running you out of business~ Now all that was left to do was find your son and produce a new heir~
My Aunt Katy was visiting so I tested my new device and swapped her and my younger brother
After the great shift hit earth everything was pretty crazy for a few months especially when people where no longer able to do things they loved because of their new body's, after going from a overweight 50 year old male to this young college girl I tried to keep her love of hiking going (RP)
Any blonde lovers out there? Badly need to know who she is.
(M4A) You were an alien slime that was sent to Earth to eliminate all life for a future takeover~ However, your ship crash landed and you were severely injured. just as you were about to dry up under the sun, a human would scoop you up into a bucket and bring you home, nursing you back to health~
(TF4ApF) You'd giggle at your roommate's joke as she began to undress, preparing for a shower~ As she slid down her skirt, the tip of a large cock would reveal itself~ "Hmm? Oh shit, did you not read my intro? I'm trans, hope that isn't a big deal~" She'd state, noticing your surprised expression.
I surprised my girlfriend with a trip to a resort for her spring break. Later on in the night, She decided to go out for a walk on the beach. She was acting strange when she got back. She became handsy, and started doing this. I don’t know what’s gotten into her, but I think I’m starting to like it.
I sat nervously as I drank my protein shake. I agreed to do your experiment to be a girl for 30 days but did you really have to put me in such a strict diet? It was already day 2 and I couldn’t believe what you were planning. There’s no way in hell I’d go on a date with someone you choose.
I was a compulsive gambler betting all i had aginst you and losing you gave me a few days to pay up but when i couldnt i was sceard youd kill me. You gave me 2 options die or pay my debt another way i choose to live.....you changed my looks to be your perfect woman (RP open Dm's have a good day:)
“Oh baby, how do I look”I said trying to flirt. Iwas in massive debts and I had to do something.I was told there’s a program where I could be a ‘personal sugar baby’ for clients in order to pay off my debts.I didn’t really have a choice so I joined.I winked at you,”I hope I’m not underdressed”
Anyone up for a roleplay where I'm the husband who has been feminised by the role exchanger, and you're the wife?
Those eyes ... that look ..
(M4MtF) You were the old CEO of a declining company. Desperate to continue your legacy, you'd use forbidden magic to swap bodies with the sole daughter of the CEO running the rival company that was running yours out of business~ Now all that was left to do was find your son and produce a new heir~
After saying a chant from a note you gave to me. My protoplasm soul leaves my body and I zoom into the body of HoYeon Jung!! Now this body is a dream!! What should we do next ?
My grandparents got my aunt, Mina, a few years before I was born. Because of this, we always acted more like cousins. Yesterday, she said, that she thought it would be fun to try body swap pills and live like eachother. I agreed, she also said, that I could tell you about it. "Believe me now?" (RP)
Our daughters made a wish that we'd be trapped in their bodies until we realise how difficult their lives are. This is us waking at 11am while they go to work in our bodies. They expected a freaky friday but it might be a freaky few years before we concede that their lives are anything but perfect
I'd developed a time machine. In theory, it should have put me in my great grandfather, a successful self-made businessman in the 20s...but instead I'm his mother! And I think I've just been impregnated with him...
Post/Rp
"Ugh, it happened again. Please, don't be mad!" I texted my mom. "Honey, why are you not wearing any condom?" she wrote back. Whenever two members of my family climax at the same time, they can swap bodies. One moment I was nutting inside my GF, the next I was stuffed by my mom's huge dragon dildo.
(RP) Temporarily selling possession of my body to fund a new holiday! I wonder what someone’s gonna do in my body, hopefully they aren’t a freak… (Will feed pics of her throughout)
My sister put her body shaping top in my draw, when I showed up in her room demanding she reverse it she told me we could use the autocloset, then she used it to make me a girl fully! You’ve gotta help me reason with her! I text you
My Aunt Katy was visiting so I tested my new device and swapped her and my little brother. (rp in dm)
My father wanted to be the world’s greatest surgeon. So he asked me if i wanted to be the first test subject. I sigh and told him yes, but as long as i get to keep my cock. He nods and 48 hours later, i’m here in your house, explaining why i’m a girl, with a cock outline in my tights. (Rp)
Thats what you see when Im on you
Austin's hippie dealer offered him a free sample of some new pills but he chickened out. So his GF Lori took it and the two swapped. A week later they still hadn't swapped back. Ethan loved the highs he got in his new female body, but now he was hoping for a more inmate experience with this body...
Post/RP
Her oldest said her first word today. Mommy. She called me mommy. My heart melted with joy. But I'm not supposed to be a mommy! I agreed to swap for 2 weeks but it's been 6! Now my heart flutters when I feel his kicks. I need to swap back soon, I worry what these pregnancy hormones are doing to me
Your roommate and best friend was acting weird the last few days. They never went out of their room and only sent texts instead of just talking so one morning you decided to check on him… and were shocked when you saw this beauty! You never knew he had a girlfriend! But secretly… it was me! (RP)
My best friend and I were excited to take international swap class and spend a year in Japan. But we got swapped into twins, and now have to share the same place. “Dude, could you just, try to, maybe not expose yourself like that all the time? Some of us still have their dick here y’know… ”
(MtF/FB4ApF) Your roommate would look at you with an excited expression before slipping on a pair of blue glasses~ "Check this out dude~" He'd coo as his body began to slowly turn more feminine~ "I got a pair of gender swap glasses hehe~ I know you're a lesbian... So whaddya say? Down for some fun?"
I was out at the club when the lights went out suddenly everyone in the building had swapped bodies. I got put in this girl celebrating her 21st (rp wanted)
I was having your birthday party, my best friend Mia arrived first. Something happened whilst I was in the kitchen as I came back to her kissing my mother and touching her tits. I watched them passionately make out, something was up it was like the bodies had new drivers behind the wheel (RP)
You should be in bed with me right now
You were always looking to fuck me, it was easy as you were a shapeshifter you could definitely please me. It was your idea of fun. I let you suck my dick whilst playing games, it was all going so well until you messaged my girlfriend from my phone. You wanted me all to yourself.
After you made fun of that witch at the bar a week ago she cursed you to randomly turn into your female self. As we’re hanging out in the park I see it’s happening again. “Come on dude we better go get you some different clothes.” (Rp chat/dm)
After you made fun of that witch at the bar a week ago she cursed you to randomly turn into your female self. As we’re hanging out in the park I see it’s happening again. “Come on dude we better go get you some different clothes.” (Rp chat/dm)
I was abducted by aliens, and underwent so many different experiments... the weirdest one was a total body swap. It seemed to them they didn't care what body I went back to earth on, so after being abducted, I was sent back down as this girl! I don't even know where I am!
i had dreamed about fucking my neighbor for years but never had the courage to ask her out. i watched as she only got hotter. one day i decided i’d ask, and she laughed at me at the door. i was so upset, i wished i could change her mind. then i became her! RP
Manolo and Jorge couldn’t believe their luck. Two college students, partying in Mexico on spring break, wandered off away from their group one night. So they stole their bodies. Here they are, in America enjoying their new lives.
Becoming a popular streamer was easy once you changes a few things about yourself
I had swapped with my half sister as a joke but now she can't stop looking at me in her body. I think she wants to fuck me and lock me in her body.
My best friend and I were excited to take international swap class and spend a year in Japan. But we got swapped into twins, and now have to share the same place. “Dude, could you just, try to, maybe not expose yourself like that all the time? Some of us still have their dick here y’know… ”
My best friend is taking his last break up really hard. I found an app where we could hire some ladies as company. Turns out we don’t hang out with them, but AS them. Now we’re in his neighbors Hot tub and he can’t stop staring at the guys bulge thru the swim suit. I can tell she is sure…
Me (left) and my sister were out shopping at the mall, something we hadn't done in a long time, as we were opposites of each other. In the fitting rooms together, all of a sudden, the power goes out and we pass out. When we wake up, the power is back on, but we're some how each other!
Swap pole! Tits or Ass
My neighbour's daughter was a few years older than me, and we had always been good friends. Today, she told me, that she had some swap juice and that it would be fun to drink some and swap bodies. I agreed and we drank the juice. She also said, that I could tell you, my best friend, about it. (RP)
Your dealer offered a free sample to test some new pills but you chickened out. So your GF Lori popped it and two swapped right there. A week later they still haven't swapped back, and Marcus has become very comfortable in Lori's busty body and increasingly more interested in experimenting with you.
My job is to take over a person during their pregnancy, i do this for the entire year. Their family doesnt need to know, if they notice any changes they blame it on hormones, lucky me! But this client is thr hardest to deal with... their an actress! (RP)
The campus airhead was sick of being seen as dumb by everyone, so with your help she swapped her body and intelligence with me! Your reward for helping was that I'd now do whatever you say from within her sexy body. I hate being your toy but I'm now too dumb to figure out how to swap back! (DM/RP)
As a hopper every day things became adventures we went shopping for food and I found this babe, my mind raced and I knew I couldn't just let this opportunity pass. I hopped her letting you see the goods and letting us both have a fun time in the process.
Every day I would wake up different. At the stroke of midnight I would always change into someone else. This meant I had a day to build a life before it all goes away like waves washing the sand. This was helpful some days and others not so much. Today would be a good day, just look at this body
(M4TM) Ever since you told your college roommate you were trans, he's been oggling you whenever he thought you weren't looking~ "I-If I show you my tits, will you promise to treat me like a guy again?" You'd offer. Unfortunately for you, you forgot that you were wearing your riskier panties today~
It was gonna be awkward around the Batcave for a little while, on a mission Robin was captured and had his brain transplanted into the body of the woman who's tits were practically a superpower of their own, power girl. Robin was stuck in the cave while the league tried to fix this.
I pissed off my roommate's girlfriend by saying that she's so cute like an anime girl. well I woke up this morning as her sister and now she's telling me that I need to learn respect. she's not telling me what that means but I think my roommate is coming over soon... help me (rp)
Step Sis Caught
POV: your reaction when the quality time you were supposed to spend with your lonely aunt Amber turned into swapping because she needed your help to shave her ass without getting weird and it ended up with you getting a landing strip and a taste of her good old friend the faucet! Who needs men?!
Was touching myself when I got a text from my cousin, and was reading it when the FOSE hit, so now I look like this. Could be worse
When my new bodysuit finally arrived I knew just how to unveil it to my friends, with a classic trench coat reveal of course! “Isn’t this awesome? I’m the MILF of my dreams now with this thing. Who wants to see what I can do with this bad girl?”
As much as I try to hide my inner shadow, she always seems to have a way of coming out. Mrs Hyde, the WereCougar, whatever you want to call her emerges at the worst possible moments to transform my mind and body. Today she came out while we were celebrating my parent’s wedding anniversary!
I was at a party when I saw my ex looking like a slut. when we locked eyes she smiled before I blacked out for a second and woke up in her body (rp wanted)
I was grounded and wanted to prank my neighbor because she was always complaining! when I pranked her on the phone, there was an electric shock and now we switched bodies. (rp im dm)
What am I supposed to do? After a very heavy night of drinking, I woke up in a completely unfamiliar place. I can't find my clothes anywhere. And now, I'm a woman (RP)
My roommates gf was getting ready for him when she realized she forgot to buy condoms. Although he said he would beat me up if I ever swapped with her she just kept asking so that she could run to the shop quickly. "Okay, 5mins" I finally gave up (rp)
I wanted to have sex so badly. Praying for the miracle to happen every night. I was at my wits end and ready to give up on the dream. I prayed one more night and when I woke back up I was under my grinding sister in her boyfriends body...
I'm sorry Ashley but these tits are mine right now and I get to touch them all day (dad hasn't had any action for too long! Rp in DM)
Is this booty good for your sperm?
After the great shift, I ended up in the body of a 55-year-old woman. At first I hated it, but now I am starting to like being a mature woman.
The Ceo was not a big fan of me suggesting we put anime on our channel. He said it was too childish and didn't appeal to Americn audiences. So to prove him wrong I made the whole channel anime, and gave him a new outlook, making him an Asian schoolgirl who barely spoke any english really helped.(Rp)
“After this dinner you you turn me back right away!” I growled. Kira’s parents were giving her a hard time because all of her friends were freaks, I was the one book worm, but since I was a guy her parents would be a fan of her presenting them with me so here I am now all girled for the night.
Oops mom it's not what it looks like I know I shouldn't touch your body but I couldn't take it anymore! (rp in dm)
(M4A) I'd love to play out a setting where you take on the role of an older SCP 999 who's obtained greater control over its abilities~ You can decide what emotion people feel at the moment, and modify your form at will. The SCP ha sbeen using you as a... Reward for good employees~
You could barely even believe under years of cosmetic surgery and some military grade brainwashing, that the kpop star on your screen was actually your father, but enough was enough. It was time to wake him up, shoving him into a life of womanhood and controlling agencies.
(M4TM) You couldn't believe your roommate's audacity! The two of you had been living together for months now, you even started to develop a bit of a crush on him! But just now he had asked to fuck your tits?! Did he even consider you a man!? Besides, who would even WANT him to cum all over them~
The Easter bunny has to be a girl right? Well that annoying neighbour has a pretty how daughter, I could borrow her body for a day and no one would notice~ the kids will love it!
First day as a woman, already that time of the month! Stuck sucking dick when j should be the one being pleasured. FML
you dreamed about dating this bombshell for years. she was your crush since you were both younger, but she never gave you a shot. you had practically given up going as low as masturbating to her normal selfies! one night the FOSE hit and your life became hers…RP
I had discovered I had a magical ability, I could not only take on any female form I wanted, but I could even warpreality a bit. Make my father think I am his wive? Pose as my brothers girlfriend? All possible! I would have such fun~! (literate, rp always open~!)
I had been fucking around with ancient black magic and accidently turned myself into my inner most desires. now the book is gone and I don't know what to do. can anyone help me please?
So my mom and I swapped bodies. To go back we need cum at the same time, again. But she just nutted inside my GF so we have to wait. She's been hitting the gym since I left for college and it shows! I'd never jerk off to my own mom, but since I'm her: jilling in her body is technically selflove.
"So I'm her and she's me!" my girlfriend explains, apparently in the body of this girl. The two of them had gone into a small lake and swapped. They've tried to swap back but haven't figured out a way. Now they're asking us, their boyfriends, to have us swap!
Pissing off my sister might have been the biggest mistake I've ever made because a day after I found myself as her, after confronting her she said something about treating women correctly but for the last few hours she's been fucking around giving me really small clothes(RP)
Wanting to make me jealous, My Ex swapped my body with hers to show my how much better her new boyfriend fucks her, she even gave me some of her personality along with her body to get me more into it. The worst part is shes wasn't even wrong, this guy is absolutely incredible in bed... (DM/RP)
[F4A/GM] My ability to shapeshift and to alter reality~!
Being a con artists is very hard nowadays, with all the facial recognition and security everywhere, there is no way i would be able to con someone without being caught. But thanks to my little skinsuit collection, i'm able to con anyone without being caught. Who should i be first? (Pick a scene)
"Hey Bud, this party has been great! Who knew your sister was so fun! She was so boring the last time I met her~ oh do you know where James gone? I haven't seen him in a few hours!"
"Sara, why are you even doing this?" I asked, confronting the "mean girl" who'd been spreading rumors about me. I'd hardly been a girl for a month after being hit with the gender flu and I already had to deal with so much drama. "Can't we be friends?" (Looking for RP. Story first, lewdness second.)
It was a hoppers gathering, we all take bodies that we want to have fun in and meet up in a undisclosed location to have a week of fucking like rabbits enjoying these bodies to their full potential. I got ready in this girl admiring her goods walking to get a cab, until you, her neighbour stopped me
My name is Peter Parker, and I'm in big trouble. You see, I had interrupted Dr Stranges spell which cause me to lose conscienceness. But when I woke up I found myself in the body of Natasha Romanoff. Someone help me please, I don't know what to do. (DM To RP)
When I pictured my wedding day, this wasn’t exactly what I had in mind. Then the great shift happened and I found myself in the body of a hot engaged blonde girl. It wasn’t easy but eventually all parties agreed it should go ahead. (RP)
While being the best friend of the richest family in America has its perks, like spending the whole summer in your villa with you, it also had some cons… like being tested on for new technology turning me into a girl… now you won’t let me go on vacation unless I stay like this! (RP)
After an accident switched everyone on campus, I found myself in the body of your sexy Ex-girlfriend! Wanting to take advantage of the chaos to have a little fun, I send you a sexy pic while pretending I'm your current girlfriend swapped into your ex instead of myself... (dm/rp)
Me and my girlfriend had a fight about who has it harder boys or girl so to prove her point she used a spell to swap out bodies and now we’re stuck!
"Hey daddy I know you want me. I swapped with my half sister. I want you to fuck me and cumlock me please. I'll do anything daddy. "
"Take Swap class they said..." I sigh looking at my new self. Being Kim was fun for a week but the screw-up teacher broke the swap machine! And not wanting to get fired, he covered it up by using an experimental device to give us mental blocks, forcing us to behave like our new selves... (dm/rp)
Your son thought you were cheating on your wife but when he found out you were secretly taking xchange. He took this video to blackmail you.
"Dude swap class is the best I got this chick and look at these huge tits" I say pulling off my shirt. "I can't wait to get back to our apartment" I said to you, my best friend (Dm to Rp)
Hey babe, so you know how I told you I got that really great paying evening job recently? Yeah so that’s at Hooters and I’ve been taking X-Change to pull in huge tips (RP in DMs)
The worst part about being a male celebrity photographer was when the client never shows up on time, I have to take photos as them, once people saw I do a good job. They hire me to impersonate them. (Dm or chat to rp we can get extremely messy)
(M4MtF) You were the old CEO of a declining company. Desperate to continue your legacy, you'd use forbidden magic to swap bodies with the solde daughter of the rival company that's running you out of business' CEO~ Now all that was left to do was find your son and produce a new heir~
I was hired by an All Girls Academy to teach Gender Studies. I knew of the uniform policy about Green and White colors, but missed the Gender Policy until after my contract was signed. Luckily the school provides XChange for it’s “Male Staff”. Rumor has it, half the teachers here use it.
She appeared in my dreams, a woman of ridiculous proportions and a sultry voice. She spoke down on me, calling me an "ugly man", the next thing I knew I was awake, in a park I was unfamiliar with, in a body I did not recognize. She had shifted my mind to a whole new reality, permanently trapping me!
My girlfriend and I went out to a very fancy club, but she swore ho and down she wasn't going to drink. About 10 shots in she decided she messed up, and somehow swapped us so she could be the sober one. Here I am, drunk out of my mind, as some random girls asked to take a pic of me in the restroom.
Swap cap suggestion
Your POV moments before you let a cheerleader sit on your face
The Great Shift hits everyone differently. Take my family, for example. I was celebrating my 30th anniversary with my wife when it hit. My son, who was visiting from college, swapped with his mom. We have had a lot of adjusting to do around the household but, as you can see, he's doing fine.
There’s a generic version of X-Change out there. Two pills allow people to swap, but it’s not perfect. You’ll always have something to show who you are. So when I found out my pervert friend drugged my sister with it, I had to teach him a lesson. By the time I cum, he should go back to normal
"Teach her? No, you would swap lives, we tried everything and think you would make a better daughter than she ever will" he casually answered. "Deal" I hesitantly answered. "I just hope you keep up your grades up or we will have to look for a new daughter in a year" he finishes as the swap starts.
The Reality change was the best thing that's ever happened to me. Now I am a woman with a husband and kids when I was a man, I was divorced out of luck asshole.
Oh hi) remember me?) Samantha) whose mother made me a girl as a punishment) I decided to become sociable and get used to a new life) and if someone wants to chat or go to kik ... or call me in a group on kik write to me:3 kik: RusTrap
I wanna swap into my sister so I could go around town jerking off all the boys with big dicks with my huge tits
After a heated debate the Supreme Court decided that the great shift wouldn't change your legal gender, so as a former officer turned into a young woman in the prime of her life I couldn't use her body as an excuse to not get recalled back into the service. "This is bullshit!"
I couldn’t stop looking upset at you no matter how much I tried. I wanted to lose weight badly and you told me there’s this weight loss pill but it might have some side effects. I took it for a week and I didn’t realize the feminine changes until it was too late. “Is there nothing I can do?”
I don’t know what happened but one minute I’m studying at the library the next I’m in the body of the rich kid at school taking some exposing selfies… I began getting a stream of texts from my number saying I? He will be over soon… you don’t think Olivia is in my body do you? (RP)
I felt terrible for this young lady, it wasn’t her fault that the class was uneven. She’s probably hating being a middle aged man…and I well I must admit I do enjoy being young. We have weekly meeting to help each other out and today she brought up self-pleasure…I guess today will be interesting…..
I took this at work :)
Daisys Dairy Jugs
You wake up in a different body, look in the mirror and see this. What next?
I wasn’t the nicest boss to my female employees and they decided to take legal action. The judge found me guilty and used a strange new method of punishment…swapping me with the accuser. Well some punishment it has been, I’m twenty years younger and ten times hotter…and I’ve fucked half the office!
"I don't know how you got that to work... but come back stage, I'll let you in." You wanted to date this singer for so long... you paid crazy amounts for a fan meet, and she rejected you. So you decided to hire me, and use a spell to swap my body with hers... "You never said this was permanent?!"
Three for one
Mrs Morgan should of thought better than to arrange a after school detention with me. I simply sat down left my body and jumped into this one. Not only do I have the entire place to myself but I have this body too. Oh the fun we will have. What can I do to make this bitch pay? (RP)
“That’s enough, I can’t take this anymore” as I started to take off my heels. I heard you laugh before I heard a click and immense vibrations in my body. “Ugh! What did you do! How are you doing this to me!” Your magic remote changed me and I couldn’t do anything. “Stop please!”
Ava bullied me ever since freshman year.. My dad always told me he could help but I didn't listen. Well, he saw her hit me again and helped me anyways! What I didn't know is that he'd turn her into a suit for me to wear- this way I could "ruin her life the way she did yours". This should be fun
My neighbor is a slut, I always wanted to fuck her,being fucked like her on the other hand is WAY better,I don't know how I ended up in her body, and I'm enjoying it! I'm fucking every single cock I can get!❤️
Dream Developments - Part Six
Rich, fit and attractive has different meaning to genies. Hopefully you can find another one until then this is your new life.
My friend recently got this body from the swap clinic. That was cool, but now, she’s sending me these videos asking if I’ll be a good boy for her. What do I do? (Rp)
hjk
The next few months we’re going to be pretty difficult for your husband Nate. He’d signed up for the surrogate swap program to make some extra money. He was swapped into a young pregnant woman, and would have to carry the baby for a few months until he gave birth. (Continued in comments)
heading out tonight :D
My wife said she had a fun vacation planned for the two of us and our son, but wouldn’t tell us anything. In fact, we weren’t even allowed to pack our own clothes. When we got there, she handed my son and I each a pill that we took at the same time. I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I feel great!
My father wanted to be the world’s greatest surgeon. So he asked me if i wanted to be the first test subject. I sigh and told him yes, but as long as i get to keep my cock. He nods and 48 hours later, i’m here in your house, explaining why i’m a girl, with a cock outline in my tights. (Rp)
You were weirded out, your buddy had recently passed away, from a fatal illness. But ever since the funeral your next door neighbour a single red haired women started paying much more attention to you and trying to get you to talk to her. She just feels like a completely different person (RP)
Oh, I forgot my panties again!!
“Here, this is what she looks like.” Your step-sisters body raises her shirt to reveal her nice breasts. “Hey, I wouldn’t record this, if her boyfriend found this out I don’t know what his reaction would be!”
(MtFUTA4F) You couldn't help but roll your eyes as your roommate asked you out~ It was an easy rejection, you were a lesbian after all~ But, you have been feeling a little pent up recently... While jilling to some porn, you'd see an ad showcasing a high-end vr rig, and an idea would enter your mind~
Stealing these bodies was such an amazing idea, babe. I had no idea how hot it would be to this strong. I'm dying to get you out of that dress... I think your arms might be bigger than mine.
Hello! Thank you for applying to Venus Corp. We are the leaders in the world with body modification science. From the wildly successful X-Change, our remotes, or our line of suits, we are changing the world by changing you. Now onto the testing part of the interview. Take this pill and we can start
It seems that Seluvis had very different plans than it seemed at first glance. After the Tarnished gave Nepheli his potion, Seluvis then used forbidden sorcery to extract the Tarnished one’s soul and place it inside Nepheli’s body. (RP)
When your dad owes money to the wrong people. He let those people take you to work off his debt but lucky for you your dad is next to you showing you how it’s done.
“FUCK! This body is amazing!” I hear my voice say against my will. I was in my house just minding my own business when suddenly a cool chill came over me! My body began to disobey me and began to do lewd things! I can still feel everything but can’t do a thing… help!
I owed some bad men a lot of money with no way to repay them. My son offered a plan, he'd pay for me to go to an underground Swap Clinic. He said he'd buy me a new life. What he didn't say was that I'd have to be his new girlfriend too. He said so he could make sure I wasn't falling into old habits.
“She can not find out about this!” I said to you as I sat one your bed in my underwear. My parents had signed me and my sister up for swap class this semester thinking it would be good for us but we wound up being partners and swapping with each other. (Dm to rp)
While on vacation, there was an incident that caused everyone on the beach to swap bodies. I ended up in the body of my friend's slutty little sister and the longer I stay in this body, the more I seem to be acting like her... (DM/RP)
I always wanted to get away from the small farm town I lived in but being a young man I was destined to take over the farm and look after it that was before I wished upon a star, i sudden awoke in a small apart on new York city(RP)
“Seriously dude?! You made me so fancy and girl!”. You had lied to your parents and told them you had a girlfriend so you had to transform me into your “girlfriend” for a dinner with them. (RP always open)
“These heels hurt so much” I said trying to adjust them seeing you.I lost a bet and had to get ‘dolled up’ because you thought I was always feminine. The worst part was that you were right and everyone thinks I’m actually a girl. “How long do I look keep this up? I think a guy hit on me earlier”
[FFM] Threesomes are definitly the way to go
You had fallen asleep on public transport, unaware of the risk of switching bodies with someone else sleeping on the same transport. When you woke up, you weren't yourself and you were permanently switched. Who did you switch with?
As a punishment my parents swapped my sister and me. It’s been a month now and I’ve accepted that it’s not ending soon but I still haven’t made contact with her bf. Well until he saw me out with my friends….he thought I was cheating on him and poor Dan now has a broken nose! It was kind of hot too….
I woke up in a room that wasn't my own, my body felt different, my teeth felt different.I get more and more conscious sitting up and seeing the mirror. "Holy fuck who am I?". Whoever I was she slept naked and she wasnt bad to look at. I play with my new hair, what do I do??
(RP) After crashing a party I wasn't invited to, I found out that the hostess was a witch and as a punishment she turned me into this brainless slut who only uses social media, parties and fucks with everyone.
Those eyes ... that look ..
You go shopping for clothes, I go shopping for bodies we are not the same. This way I find lives with money, and hell they are cute. This one's name is Sam, she's shopping with her friends. Normally I wait until I'm home but I just had to see the goods as soon as I hopped her.
"Like what you see big bro...?" Ever since you swapped my body with your sister's, you had been secretly using spells to make me act and think more like her... and ones to make me start finding you more attractive... (Dm for Roleplay)
The news was now talking about these cursed Easter-bunny ear-headbands: turning wearers into young female nymphos. I checked if my elderly neighbour was alright. Turns out she got a pair in the mail: her vegetable garden seems to have satisfied her for now, but now she’s got that look in her eyes.
I, your roomate, used to be a total player, always taking girls to our apartment, but after I hooked up with your lifelong crush, you just had enough. You decided to slip some gender-change pills in my drink and this morning I woke up like this
There was a twist at exchange island this year. Not only did people swap bodies but there were some genital swaps too. Nobody knew what they’d end up with. I was a rare case, going from male to complete female. I quickly got acquainted with some of the other guests though.. (RP)
So the situation.. well a couple of hours ago I was living quite a normal life, beautiful girlfriend, loving family until the great shift hit.. luckily I was un-shifted but I can’t say the same about everyone else, the government has asked everyone to remain indoors.. who had you ended up as?
Being a shapeshifter had its perks, you bummed out the entire spring break over your break up with your girlfriend. Just to shut you up I woke you up with a suprise visit from her. Only thing wrong is how much I love to get into character, I could get used to this (RP)
Scott and his mother stayed at a hotel called the Hopping Inn. Where you can bring any guest to have their body possessed by force by one of the the employees. They were trained in serving and pleasing the other party that paid for the service. Scotts mother had her body taken from her…
I’d managed to avoid the gender virus for months but suddenly one wrong move at the mall and I’d become this. I was not expecting to become such a smoke show I was so curvy. I still felt somewhat masculine but feminine vibes and style began to make its way into my mind (rp/AMA)
I missed my old college days, and went to the Swap Clinic for a Swapcation for Spring Break. I never planned on dealing with a girl, but when this college hottie offered me her body I just couldn't say no. I think I'm going to be a big tease these next few days...
Not long after a group of girls bullied me for my weight on my way home from work, I successfully managed to purchase myself one of the girls as my new vessel. Now the question is, what do I do first?
When the great shift but I was placed inside of Kelly and at first I was distraught but it’s been a year since then and now I finally feel comfortable enough in my skin even the original Kelly said she felt I was meant for her body and I guess I do feel more at home now for me tofinda man(RP/DM/AMA)
When my daughter became depressed i decided to possess her to see what was happening in school, after getting dressed in the morning i might have a sick day.
she spoils him
Everyone in my family had a curse that they would become the opposite gender on their 28th birthday. yesterday was mine and well this is how I look now. (rp)
I couldn’t stop myself. I possessed Ashely’s body cause I know you’ve had a crush on her for years. Even though I know she has a fiancé, I still flashed her breasts to you. “What do you think?”
“Yes. Because this is TOTALLY what a 27 male looks like.” My insurance agency had a service where you could trade lives with someone while you recovered. It was an easy way for the volunteers to sit around and make money. Well, an account mix up led to me trying to explain that I got the wrong body
Olivia Casta
Robbing people is so much easier when you can be the people you rob. This poor girl only works the tills and now she'll be working the corner with me behind the wheel. I can always rob this place tomorrow, maybe in a week or maybe in two. Give me some time to sit back and fully become her.. (RP)
A bitchy princess had done just about everything to avoid her duties. She destroyed her image with piercings, tattoos, and even leaked her own nudes, but it still wasn’t enough Until she met me. She used an ancient necklace to swap our bods. I was pulled away by bodyguards before I could stop her.RP
All natural mom of 3 here (45f)
‏I used to buly you in highschool a few years had passed since then and you see me back in town i became a better person but you couldnt let go of the past you decided to slip an xchange pill in my drink and make me the woman of your dreams (Rp pm/dm's open)
Getting drunk with the hot girl is alot less fun when someone spiked our drinks with swap-juice. Now we're in her room and she's trying her hardest to resist the manly urges of a male body! (Open RP!~)
would you want to fuck a girl with natural boobs like mine? (18f)
I was the star quarterback for our college football team. But when the Great Shift happened all that changed, I was now in the body of the star gymnast of our rival school.
My friend somehow convinced me to try on a NeuroChip she had stolen from her uncle who worked at NeuroCo. All those reports in the news said it could allow you to control someone’s body…! Now he’s doing this to me, in control of my body! All I can do is watch helplessly…
“So yeah. I haven’t dated much since I went through second puberty. Needed to get myself in order first. I’m glad my friend set me on a blind date though. Anyway, enough about me, tell me about you?” (RP)
People were now aware about the cursed Easter-bunny ears: only wearing those they knew were from a reputable supplier. My sister called me, saying she needed help with her husband: he said the ears he had were safe and put them on himself. Turns out they were not.
My sister swore her new camera could do some magical things. I didn't believe her, or really care. Then one day when we were out she chimed in and told me to smile for a picture. I did so, without realizing the flash would change my life forever.
My girlfriend and I had a fight about who does more around the house and how we don’t understand each other. I woke up in her body confused but really happy. I looked in the mirror and loved what I saw. I explored my new body and felt up myself. Then I heard loud screaming must be her (RP) (Part 1)
I was at the gym doing my usual workout when I suddenly saw a woman mocking a much weaker man at the gym. She was calling him all sorts of nasty things, so I decided to hop her body! This’ll teach her a lesson - best yet, she’s in her head watching all of this, unable to stop me!
Your girlfriend found out you cheated on her so she thought of a way to pay you back by cheating on you with your best friend. She left a note with this photo and once you read it you be started to relive what she just did with your friend with her body.
Do you want a new girlfriend or wife? I gotten myself intentionally cursed to allow one of you to get some companionship (details inside)
My frail and ill body would eventually be the end of me. That was until I was offered an experimental cure, I leapt at the offer and accepted it.. but what I did not expect was that it would change both my gender, and my species. I'm no longer considered human so I'm living at the lab.
"Well, SOMEONE screwed up the spell," I text my team. We were so desperate for a win that we hatched a plan to steal the other team's playbook. I drew the short straw and was SUPPOSE to possess the quarterback, NOT his cheerleader girlfriend... (RP)
I had won an all expenses paid trip to exchange resort. I didn't pay attention to the fine print to the terms, it's day 3 here and I found out I can't swap back.
After my daughter's friend swapped our bodies, she said the only way she'd give my body back was for me to seduce her using her own body. Little did I know the swap was already permanent, and having sex would only allow us to receive the others' personality and memories... (RP/DM)
My girlfriend's friend had invited me to go out, little did I know that she caught me cheating on my girlfriend. Suddenly, I found myself on the other side of the car, she had swapped our bodies! So she could take care of her the way she deserves...what I'm I going to do?
You were a hustler, banned from every pool club in town due to your success. However, I offered unlimited access to my girlfriends body through the use of possession pills in return for 50% of the profits.
I filled out this blind date app incorrectly. I thought I was asking for a bombshell blonde with killer legs and dull personality. Turns out I was filling out the “Describe yourself portion”. Oh well, at least I’m on a date right now…
First post ✌🏻 F18 🇫🇷 Got BF 🙊
“Every time you see my cock, your first goal is to touch it.” My friend Bryce possessed my sister. So when I found out and saw all the pervy things he did, I got my revenge by hypnotizing him. “You are not my sister, you are my slave. You will love my cock”
Yeah im a TF Witch, which means i have the power to transform the mind and body of anyone. I offer you a deal, you tell me what type of body you want and I will give it to you, but remember, everything has a price 😈 (Warning: This type of post usually has a lot of replies so pls wait patiently)
With Easter approaching, bunny-ear headbands were selling like crazy. Turns out someone had cursed this pair: changing my mother into a young nympho. She’s stopped acted like herself, and has her eyes set on me: help!
I heard you guys like boobies, so what about my chocolate boobies? (OC)
Insanely hot make out session
"Fucking... of course we can do it again! Why would I say no? But... don't tell anyone, okay? If people hear that I fucked you after I got stuck in her body... I'll be in trouble." Swap class left me stuck in the body of one of the cheer girls... and I'd been so horny for you the whole time...
Most people were uncomfortable when they learned I was a Trader, part of the handful of people capable of natural body swapping. My daughter-in-law wasn’t however, because she was a Trader herself! She and I’ll switch all the time without telling anyone. It’s so much more fun this way.
It was the guys Golf weekend trip, scheduled to play 90 holes of golf in 3 days. The very first bet was “1st guy to not clear Ladies tees off Tee Box had to wear XChange plug for remainder of trip.” Would you believe it was me who sliced the first shot???
Mike was a huge nerd, on the inside and out. He was incredibly un atractive to girls, deapite having a heart of gold. He was having yet another night of masturbating to the beautiful actress who played Rey. But then the FOSE happened, now Mike didn’t have any problems with the ladies (RP)
You, my best friend had always mocked me for supporting my favourite streamer- claiming she ‘doesn’t know who I am’. Admittedly, you were right- until I paid a dark web company to let me possess her. “Think she knows who I am now?” I ask you.
I told you not to be stealing my food anymore. See what happens when you don’t listen to me.
Ive always been understanding of my sons intrests, but I have to say I was taken aback when he told me he wanted to buy a skinsuit. I gave him my card, but he used photos of his cousin so they could model it after her without me knowing! The most uncomfortable thing ive done to make my son happy RP
I had to admit, the thought of hopping on a trend and doing gender therapy wasn't my idea, my kids forced me into it and it's been the best thing to ever happen to me! their old man sure did get quite the ass huh? better send my therapist a quick progress selfie!
Uh oh! Batman is in for something he has never dealt with before. It’s seems (you) The Joker has body swapped with Harley Quinn and is looking to see what kind of new mischief you can have with the Dark Knight! Who knew you the Joker was so horny! (Rp wanted, 18+)
Holy..
(MtFUTA4F) You couldn't help but roll your eyes as your roommate asked you out~ It was an easy rejection, you were a lesbian after all~ But you have been feeling a little pent up recently... While jilling to some porn, you'd see an ad showcasing a high-end vr rig, and an idea would enter your mind~
What Would You Do With This Body?
I was in debt to a buddy. He loaned me money for bills and I hadn’t been able to pay up. I kept dodging him until one day he showed up at my apartment demanding payment. I still didn’t have the funds, but he said he had a better idea. A small hex and payment plan of 4 sessions and I’m debt free…..
My friend Nick and I had agreed to swap bodies with our moms to see how the other half lived. Over time the moms and I came to love our new selves and wanted to keep the swap permanent, only Nick was still on the fence. Now I need to convince him so we can actually seal the spell!
“See dude? Still a man. Stop worrying about it.” I woke up today with long hair, a crop top, and smaller arms. My roommate noticed too and freaked out, which didn’t help me. I’m trying to act cool, but my body is tingling and my body is changing, and I’m scared of what’s to come
After my dad and sister died, my mom has been very shut inn. All she does is look for some crazy stuff online. Suddenly she injects me with some pink liquid and shows me pictures of my sister and her friends. She tells me Iwill transform into one of them. At least she lets me choose. (RP WANTED)
Genital swap during women's period
I promised my wife I’d take good care of her body, and that includes her skincare routine. I don’t mind at all. In fact, I love the way her soft skin feels! When I’m in her body, I enjoy getting out of bed in the mornings.
I matched with my mom on the SwapClinicApp, and we agreed to a temporary life swap for my holiday visit with my fiancè. My 'son' and 'his' fiancè, as well as my 'husband', should be here any minute now. This is going to be one weird long weekend... (AMA/possibly RP)
When the great shift put me in the body of a petite blonde woman, my sex lift hit a barrier as my wife is straight. However she encouraged me to explore my new self and I’m so thankful for it! (RP)
it was carnival in town as i put in some cash at a genie machine and wished what my life would be like as girl (rp wanted)
Pick a Body and explain what you want to do with it.
After hitting heads with this girl at the pool, we somehow swapped bodies! It didn't take long for us to both get curious in our new forms. I've been in this body for less than 30 minutes, and I already know that I never want to leave.
I was excited when you invited me over to try out your new VR game. When I put on the headset I was surprised it really felt like I was outside. It was pretty cool until I looked down at my character. Now as I look around for you I can’t help but wonder what kind of game is this. (Rp dm or chat)
Looking for someone to hop into her, and be a gentle dome for me. (Reddit only)
I found these gold hoop ear rings on the ground. I picked them up and put them on. I went to bed and woke up feeling disoriented. I looked down and now had dark skin with large breasts and great curves. I wasn’t going to waste this so I put on a tight dress to show off my curves and go out RP
My Dad saw one piercing and thought I was falling in with the wrong crowd. When I wasn't getting straight A's he went ballistic. Enough was enough. With alittle magic, he'd remember what being in highschool was like. Though his bratty personality and several piercings were unexpected (Rp)
I went to bed really early last night feeling nauseous. When I woke up, I found out I was a girl. I walk down to the family room to see my parents and siblings. “Um… hey guys. It’s me. I think I got second puberty.” (RP)
Making the most out of noisy neighbours
I wanted to go to the store with you, but you hated public transport. The only rational thing I could think of is hopping your next door neighbour and using her car and body to take us there. She's quite a ride, especially with these perfect tits. We should have some fun
My ex was really jealous of us. It got so bad that she resosted to magic. She used a spell to make anyone she kissed turn into her twin. She kissed you, my girlfriend. Then you both turned to me. (ROLEPLAY WANTED)
Uh oh! Batman is in for something he has never dealt with before. It’s seems (you) The Joker has body swapped with Harley Quinn and is looking to see what kind of new mischief you can have with the Dark Knight! Who knew you the Joker was so horny! (Rp wanted, 18+)
How would you
FF4M - After your girlfriend dumped you, we decided to help you out and make her jealous.. We possessed these gym girls you said you had a crush on, ready to hang out with you and post the pictures online
FF4M - We felt so bad after your ex dumped you.. Thinking it would be fun to make her jealous, we snatched a couple of hotties and possessed them, you agreed to take some pictures with us to make her jealous
Big fat cock
[Roleplay request] Looking for someone to GM a scene where my character is swapped with his or someone else's mom and forced to take over her life
Your sister was pissing you off so you decided to mess with her right before her date. You’re I. The bathroom taking a selfie when you hear her scream. “Mom! Dad! Where the fuck is Alex? He took my boobs! I’m going to kill him!” (RP)
Since my grandfather died, my girlfriend has been different, more loving, more active, sweeter, and she dresses sexier. She says: that life is unique
Emily Lynne
My college roommate has been stressing out all week. He’s been telling his parents how he has a hot girlfriend but it turns out he’s been lying. He’s asked me to take an X-Change pill and pretend to be his girlfriend in exchange for three months rent! So now I’m meeting his parents soon for dinner
Whose Life Would You Ruin And How?
My tits are natural, I hope you like them
My new skinsuit 😋. I had a bit struggle with the zipper but it‘s so perfectly tight in here! What do you think? Am I a good german actress?
Life Leech - Part One
I was on a date with my gf when I suddenly found myself in the body of some girl sitting near us, and now she’s pretending to be me and my gf thinks I’m just some crazy girl! Even worse she seems to know things only I should know, what am I going to do...? (dm/RP)
Larry was a huge pervert, he was always chasing women and trying to get laid. He especially loved thick chicks. Larry’s pig like attitude only grew worse when he tried to get with a witch who cursed him. When Larry woke up, he let out a scream, but he quickly started smirking, chicks would dig this.
Seems like I was not the only person in town who purchased a cursed pair of bunny-ears for Easter. My best friend sent me this photo, apparently of them post-transformation. They wanted to know if I could come over so we could celebrate the holiday together.
My mom had been leaving and staying out all night and me and dad wondered where she went. I told him I'd find her and decided to use a spell to swap our bodies. Well it worked but mom had a dick in her mouth and it wasn't dad's. I'm gonna confront her while she's still in my body. (DM to RP)
“Oh my god… it fits really well”. My mother had never much hidden that she always wanted a daughter rather than a son, so when i didn’t make the football team and my grades started to drop, she used an x change basic to satisfy the problem. Only thing is she seems to enjoy this almost too much…(RP)
This was my average day to day as a hopper for hire. I'd possess girls of men's choosing and let them fuck me. It was humiliating but at least it was better than working in a office. Until I got this body, she's got daddy's money and it's a great body. So I let the trucker fuck me, but I'm sticking
I hopped into the body of this hottie in my apartment complex one day while she was at the community pool. Honestly I would never have guessed her secret until I saw it for myself….
when your dad told you he was going back to college to get his degree you didn't think he'd buy a new body to "fit in". he's already becoming way more popular than you and despite how much he insists he's enjoying himself you can tell he would rather spend his spring break partying.
After my gf found an odd device that can swap bodies (and more) We thought it'd be fun to spend a week in her parents' bodies, it was interesting at first but she seems to be having a bit too much fun being her dad... Even worse, lately shes been using it to make me be more like her mom... (DM/RP)
I slowly twirled in front of my stepmother, my new golden locks draping onto my shoulders. I hated this, ever since my dad had left she had decided to turn me from his precious son into her daughter. we had just finished in the salon, and worryingly she had mentioned something about a doctor (RP)
I was always Kind of horny for my best friend, but when I heared stories of how... big he was, I decided to take the plunge! Taking an new X-Change one conected with a contract! I pose as his new slutty maid, like If I had given him her Service as a gift! I messed up! Its until he releases me~!
"I can't believe I'm in my brother's girlfriend's body! what do I do, take some pictures of course!" I had no clue that Bethany had bought this new lotion claiming to "change your life." it sure did when I was the first person she touched.
We didn't realize the resort we had picked was a Xchange resort. It had a weird twist though. Only half of the vacationers would be changed. I missed out on the drawing but you on the other hand became unrecognizable. You also seemed to act different. Why do you keep looking at me like that
Uh oh! It’s seems (you) The Joker has body swapped with Harley Quinn and is looking to see what kind of new fun you can have with the hero’s of Gotham City! (Rp wanted, 18+)
Ive always been understanding of my sons intrests, but I have to say I was taken aback when he told me he wanted to buy a skinsuit. I gave him my card, but he used photos of his cousin so they could model it after her without me knowing! The most uncomfortable thing ive done to make my son happy RP
Maria Nagai
"Finally you bitch", I say in my new host, "You have been the most difficult person I have ever tried to hop" running away from me and driving away. But no one can escape for long your case your in traffic. I can't wait to live as you. But whilst we are stuck in traffic let's check you out properly
Is this the famous Detective Rose? I had been laying low after robbing several stores. They never knew how I always got away, its because I'm a hopper. But they sent a female detective after me.. how fun.. why lie low when I can actively sabotage. With this body I can do anything, what's first?
Comic con is next week and I wanted to go all out. I bought a female body suit on a website months ago and now it’s finally here.”wow I look amazing... I need to show my roommate”
Which Granny Would You Swap Bodies With? How Would You Use Them?
I had recently been caught selling company secrets so my boss gave me two options, go to jail or partake in a special kind of punishment. Not wanting jail time i chose option 2 and now im stuck as a chick on all fours being trained for my new role as my bosses plaything and i cant do anything (Rp)
You and I were employees for a cutting-edge tech firm. You’d invited me to your office, however, when I arrived- the new intern was stood, barely dressed while you were hunched over in the corner with a headset on. Obviously, you’d finally got your VR possession app to work.
Curious, if we swapped bodies how long would you wanna be me?
LifeSwaps were a new offering being provided by the Swap Clinic. To protect privacy, pictures, ages, or names were never exchanged until after the swap. When I came across a profile of a man with a fantastic sex life, I took it! Well, I now know it was my dad and he wasn't lying...(Roleplay)
You get a text from your best friend’s number. “Dude, this sucks. Jenna’s making me carry her baby. I was throwing up all morning and I have this weird craving for pickles”
You where told about this amazing changing room that just opened up in town, it claimed it would always have the perfect fit and wanted to try it. When you got their you signed up for the full package, what you didn’t know how ever was that you would be the one being worn. Role play wanted
This couple was always so arrogant around the gym, hogging equipment and screaming and grunting for hours. Now that I'm in his body... I think I'm starting to understand. How do you feel?
[F4A] Bringing your VTuber obsession into reality
Coming back from the gym, oops WTF
Join the Onlyfans beautys Discord Server!
I was unattractive as a guy, mostly because of my height. I was shorter than most girls. So when I found a sniveling gypsy at a carnival who made fun of me. When I flipped her off, she told me she’d fix my height problem. When I woke up, I was much taller. But I was also a woman!
I was a plumber by trade and I wouldn’t let something like the Great Shift get in my way of a decent income. Honestly it was nice being young again and able to crawl around without issue. Plus my customers are so much more attentive now. They can’t keep their eyes off me when I work!
Mystery Inc. had assisted batman before so when he got a call asking for help decoding this Artifact they found on Spooky Island he felt it was only fair to help them, he didn't expect for the Artifact to activate and send his soul into Velma's body! now the pyramid won't work and he's stuck!
Tonight was the night of the foose you just entered your bedroom to find your girlfriend playing with herself to your best friends picture! And then it hit and I open my eyes seeing I’m not in my body “what the hell what happened?” (Rp wanted)
Body swap mother-son Does anyone know of a story where mother and son change bodies?
25 [F4M] Possess a girl's body and come fuck my man's brains out for me!
Marvel or DC body swap.
This is so cool! I got selected by the swap clinic to participate in a new trial. Basically, they were able to split my personality and swap each half with one of these girls. Meanwhile both girls are in my male body (RP)
“Oh my god… does it fit like you want it?” My mother had never hid that she had always wanted a daughter instead of a son, so when i didn’t make the football team, she saw an opportunity and took matters into her own hands (RP)
I was one of the best fighters in town, some people afraid to enter the ring with me. That was until I found out I was swapped at birth. The chick put in a swap request and I couldn't refuse. So now I have to start back at square one with my reputation ruined and nobody willing to fight.
JULIETA shemale hermosa putita
You can’t be serious... my tennis coach didn’t think I could make it pro as a male player but knew that with his training I’d definitely make it as a female player... so when he asked me to take a new shake before training he had also spiked it with a gender swapping pill... (RP)
Who Would You Swap With? What Would You Do?
I found this creepy couch with a statue on it and my friend said it would be funny to get a picture. As soon as I sat down, my body changed and I became a girl.(RP)
Ever since the great shift turned my best friend into a busty babe, things have been a bit awkward between us. He constantly thinks I'm staring at his chest or ass even when I'm not. He does look hot but its not my fault I stare he wears barely any clothes at all. I hope someone fixes this. (RP)
Sending you there was really the biggest mistake we could've made, soldier. Given how your muscles disappeared and your... breasts inflated, we fear that your army training might vanish, and memories might change, with the rest of your masculinity. I'll personally look over you. (RP in chat)
..and it was just like that I felt a strong blow to the back of my head, someone was in my house with me and my baby boy and I was out like a light, I’ve been getting letters and gifts left at my door as of late, I should of read the signs, now this stalker is about to live out his deepest fantasy..
Have you ever been so close to your mother-in-law that you even sleep together, your wife is pretty chill about it and even encourages you to fuck her, but her step-mom is a bit of a freak and makes you swap to spice things up and nuts inside you leaving you pregnant with your own son-in-law?
I found myself a treat. A paranormal investigator came looking into the abandoned church I was buried in. I possessed her and I'm trying to enjoy myself whilst the crew are back in the truck. This could be my ticket out the Afterlife (RP)
my grandfather was super machist, one day at the family dinner he send all the women to cook while he drank vodka with his only male grandson,but we put feminizing pills in his grandson's food,so that my grandfather would see with his own eyes as his only male grandson turned into a busty whore😂🍒🍑☺️
My older brother found a hidden book in the library. Ever since I’ve been trapped in my own head with him controlling my body. Posting lewd pics and videos of my body online with my address. He even humiliates me by making me pee myself along with other disgusting tasks. He knows I feel all of this…
I loved visiting my grandma and I always wanted to be closer to her. On one visit she gave me the opportunity by offering me the “Medallion of Zulo” and of her friend’s bathing suits. In a few minutes I was a perfect copy of her friend! This Spring is gonna be awesome!
When I went to the gym for my usual workout, some new buff, youngster was there and he was trying to be rude and outshow me due to my age. If he wanted to keep at it, I'd show him what age does to a person, by swapping ours, oh and for some extra humiliation, that gender of his will be gone. (Rp)
I was tired of my roommate being loud as fuck using his torso sex toy. So I gave him a reason to be loud, I used the swap app to change into a girl who lives in our apartment complex and walked in on him when he was using his toy.
Young girl to older guy. GM
Your girlfriend kept complaining that you didn’t know how to please a woman. She told you you had a month. Her twin sister found out and offered to help you. You blink and you’re in her body. “There. You can learn the sensitive parts of a woman and I’ll please my sister until we swap back.” (RP)
The best way to end a first date [oc]
Our company had an unusual policy; you could swap bodies with a co-worker's to help you out, e.g. sexist clients, lifting things. So you can see why I'm nervous that Lisa here has justed asked me to do her a favour! (rp)
Despite being in the same friend group, you and I were always tense. You thought I was a fatphobic asshole, but actually I had a huge crush on you. As you discovered when the FOSE dropped you in my body, dick in hand, looking at this photo of you (rp)
"What do you mean, she agreed to swap with you permanently? It was supposed just to be for a few hours, man ! And why do you seem so happy to be in my stepmother's heels ? I know, she's incredibly sexy but.. can you stop checking her body out like this ?" (RP in chat!)
I went to a Cosplay Convention dressed as my favorite Star Wars character, and after having a great day there I was jubilant! However, as I planned to leave, a cool shock came over me. Without talking to my friends I ran back to my hotel and did this! Help! What’s happening!?
I was a skinny boy but a witch traded me with this girl because I made fun of her
I was sent back in time to the 1940’s to experience events. I walk around to a building party. Once i enter a building, i saw you. My grandma, walking towards me looking beautiful. I was in a tuxedo that matched the year. You didn’t even looked at anyone else. Just me. I was shy (Rp)
"Wow, you really needed me to moan your name?" I'm the most expensive shapeshifting escorts ever, i have 100 clients in a queue just to get a handjob from their crush, you paid alot of money to sleep with 5 celebs. "Clean yourself up pay, limp dick" I'm also known for being super mean. (RP)
Pranking the Swap Class machine was the worst decision of my life. When it malfunctioned, I got swapped into the assistant professor. My old body was in a coma... and one of the students who saw it happen is now blackmailing me to do what they want or they'll tell the police... (RP)
A new type of Symbiote has made its way to earth. These aliens are here to implant themselves in society, not to takeover the world but to live out their lives host to host. Only thing with these Symbiotes is that they are incredibly horny and will satisfy their needs by any means necessary
Vanessa was a very popular choice at Swap Island. You and your buddies decided to spulrge for the diamond package allowing you all to take her form. Everybody wants to meet you guys and buy you drinks, take you out dancing, and rub your bodies with oils. Guess triplets really do have more fun!
You had just got home from a busy day of work. Your making your way to your front door to find it open. You listen out and hear voices closer inspection you hear your daughter's talking "Oh these two we're going to have fun in" "These have to be the best cover ever" You walk in to see this (RP)
You decided to take the girl you just met, instead of me, on the campind trip. I got jealous and decided to try a passenger spell so I could at least enjoy the scenery. I could see feel taste and smell everything she could, but not control. Turns out you have a lot of fun, sexual activities planned.
I had gone on vacation to Paris and I decided to go down to the catacombs, well I broke something down there. when I came up I was this blonde girl. can anyone help me? I'm scared (RP)
Little dance while making your dinner
"Are you sure there was no other bikini I could wear, Mom?" when she told her that we would go on vacation I never thought I would go to the exchange island and much less that of all the bodies on the island we would end up in the body of each other (RP in comments)
Damn that night out was crazy! There was this guy sneaking this secret formula into drinks and handing them out, everyone went crazy because of the swapping and stuff. I ended up like this and I don’t really have a problem with it.
I’m a narcissist, I love myself, I’m number one in my life, I always wanted to fuck myself, I jerked off to the thought of my body, I thought of my naked body during sex, a witch kindly swapped our bodies and well I went to town on my beautiful penis
You were such a dominant bully as a guy. I don't know why I thought things would change when you hit second puberty and became a girl. Now my "new" best friend still gets what she wants but her desires have changed a little bit.
I was a spy I had just accepted a new mission to get information on a bikkie gang. but I should of read my contract cause as soon as I signed the papers they gave me a xchange pill and sent me to a small apartment to live in while I infiltrate the gang (rp wanted)
My best friend who also happened to be my friends with benefits wanted me to experience life and bet me I couldn’t out drink her I lost she decided to make me take a xchange pill and well you can see how that went she is now claiming I’m hers now and I’m stuck going to parties with her
“Yeah I swear it’s a magic remote babe. I’ve already used it on myself. I used to be a guy but I used it to become your girlfriend. Do you want anything changed about your body?” (RP)
You had texted me insisting that we should meet up at the local pool near our childhood homes. I texted you back and reluctantly agreed to go. Once I got there, I couldn’t help but notice a gorgeous, young woman getting out of the pool. “Hello, Josh…” 𝗪𝗮𝗶𝘁… 𝗵𝗼𝘄 𝗱𝗶𝗱 𝘀𝗵𝗲 𝗸𝗻𝗼𝘄 𝗺𝘆 𝗻𝗮𝗺𝗲? I thought.
My Brother, the straight edge sibling, went on my computer to find some of my porn stash. He later confronted me saying it was sickening, the things I liked. Fishnets, Milfs, Prostitution, how vulgar, in his words atleast. I should show him what he's missing, by combining them all into one. (Rp)
I went to a Halloween party full of strangers that I was begged to go along too. I spotted a woman dressed as Spider-Gwen and approached her to make small talk. Next thing I knew, I grew lightheaded and I was the one wearing her costume. Not just that, but I felt... more nimble, more powerful.
It's been a few months since you last heard of your best friend, as if he vanished. Suddenly you receive a text from this girl:"Hey, sorry for going missing for so long. How are you doing?" (RP)
I was suffering from a disease so rare it wasn’t even named. My heart had days left so I gathered my family to be with them as I left this world. Just as it fainter I was engulfed in a ball of light and the next my family saw of me was this…my new form. They are now calling it Phoenix disease!
Not really how I expected to spend a Friday night, listening to music dad and his twin sister (who is currently in my body) arguing about whose fault it was I got mixed up in their illegal swap game. Apparently they'd been swapping places for months using illegal swap pills (RP + Story in comments)
Things had been awkward since I got shifted into Tara, the short girl with the fat ass! We had tried to hang out and act like nothing had changed but you just couldn’t resist anymore! (RP always open)
"Just 5 minutes, I just need to go to the shop and buy some condoms" your roommate's girlfriend begged you to swap bodies with her. "I can't, he threatened to kick me out of the flat should we ever swap again." she countered "5 min and I will be back, he will never know and I can't go out like this"
Dating was getting too complicated for me. So I signed up for a service that guaranteed a 'Good Time' with the push of a button. However I never expected this.
My best friend who also happened to be my friends with benefits wanted me to experience life and bet me I couldn’t out drink her I lost she decided to make me take a xchange pill and well you can see how that went she is now claiming I’m hers now and I’m stuck going to parties with her
Pink Hair And Puffies
Things had been awkward since I got shifted into Tara, the short girl with the fat ass! We had tried to hang out and act like nothing had changed but you just couldn’t resist anymore! (RP always open)
I was sick of being broke with no money so I came up with a idea I would take a xchange pill and post an add online seeing if anyone needed a sugar baby (rp wanted)
I sat down unsure of what would happen. Iwas applying for internships and I got aoffer to shadow the CEO of a company for free and I’d get paid. When it was my first day, some assistant took me to a room and gave me a pill and my outfit. I changed into a girl and my meeting starts with him soon
My friend always joked that he wishes he could be a pop star, well I thought it was a joke. But he dragged me along to his favorite performers concert and as soon as she got close he just disappeared into thin air. Turns out he was serious. Now I’m being told to wait backstage until the show is over
when a kid in my college class sent me this I was so angry I thought if I cast a spell I could stop it well I accidentally ended up in my sisters body (rp wanted)
apparently my wife and aunt thought it was a good idea that both she and I will experience pregnancy, so my aunt swap bodies with me. I'm not going to deny that this is kinda fun.
As a Professor of swap class, I had experience with different bodies and knew how to make them look the best. At first her boyfriend was complaining but after showing him my newest outfit I think I have him wrapped around my new finger. "Get licking boy" I command him, reveling in my new identity.
I hadn’t been to the town where I grew up for years, so on my birthday I decided to go celebrate it, not only that, but as a birthday present I fulfilled my goal of becoming a busty woman, so no one recognized me, i came back to me old town being a new better feminine and busty version of me🥰🚺💖
"I don't know how you got that to work... but come back stage, I'll let you in." You wanted to date this singer for so long... you paid crazy amounts for a fan meet, and she rejected you. So you decided to hire me, and use a spell to swap my body with hers... "You never said this was permanent?!"
You have reality powers right? Become me in a slutty pregnant teen then
I was sacrificed by the mob to infiltrate the police. I ended up in a morge within the precinct, exactly where I wanted to be. My soul was in the body bag, waiting to be opened. I was opened by Forensics Lead Bella Campbell, and thus my new life. I couldn't complain, I rush to my new car to explore
My sister hadn’t been seen in a few days. My mother had started to get worried, so I went to check. I used the spare key and saw her laying on the couch. Not moving. I rushed over. the world span and before I knew it, I was waking up on the couch with my old body collapsed lifeless on floor!
My sister hadn’t been seen in a few days. My mother had started to get worried, so I went to check. I used the spare key and saw her laying on the couch. Not moving. I rushed over. the world span and before I knew it, I was waking up on the couch with my old body collapsed lifeless on floor!
Arriving from work, Eric was annoyed to find his gf's naked body feeling herself up in the kitchen. Since buying a swap machine, Monica had become obsessed it, even going as far as swapping with strangers when Eric was busy at work. "Oh! hey there? Monica said you'd be home soon. My name is...
When the great shift happend, I was one of the unluckly ones to be changed completly. Some simply had body parts grow or change abit, like a new hair color, but I became somebody else! Who did I become?! (rp alwalys open)
On your way to your own funeral. The girl you swapped with got your old body killed, leaving you stuck in hers, not that you mind. Time to pay your respects, meet and hook up with your old friends and work your way back in the group. Shouldn't be too hard, you know the kind of girls they like.
I was broke and needed weed, but i shoulda known the price was too good to be true. this guy gave it to me but little did i know, it was laced with a swap pill! after turning into a girl i didn’t know what to do and this body was also extra horny! i ended up sucking his dick cause it was too strong!
My friend got cursed and turned into a girl version of himself. The only cure was for him to fuck one of his friends. It's super weird because I know it's my friend, and they look similar. But he's getting SUPER into it and I'm not sure if I like it or not...
Body swap partner
When you bet the sexy professor assistant that if you get an A on your Gender Studies essay you have to swap and then you get an A+, the first thing you do when you get home is to check out your plump pussy in the mirror. You can clearly see how very much aroused I was by my wide and pretty "Oh!"
it's been a few months since the great shift where i goes from an 18-year-old art student to a 27-year-old gymnastics teacher. at first I thought that getting tired was normal, but apparently that's because this body is pregnant.
FF4M - After your girlfriend broke up with you, we decided we'd help you out and make her jealous... Now we've possessed these girls, we're ready to take some photos of you being a lady's man
I can’t believe she’d go this far. My girlfriend’s ex was completely bat shit insane. She stalked us all the way here. She jumped me while I was getting ice. When I woke up, I looked just like her. Now, I can hear the whore trying to sweet talk my baby
It turns out bring your kids to work day isn't such a good idea at the bodyswap clinic. My son is now my daughter after getting confused for a patient.
This detective was poking around my business as apart of the Mafia. So I sent my best hopper in to possess her when she got too close. We are now walking her to the car so we can work out what to do with her. My hopper friend is a bit to excited to play with this one on the way to the car.
My girlfriend bet me I could never make it as a girl. So to prove her wrong, I possessed her best friend and now we're going out on the town. I'm beginning to enjoy this, perhaps a bit too much
I need a good bud to become a girl I know irl and let me love you and fuck you. long term. kik wereartthou or snapchat hellothere24242
You always liked bigger guys even though I was a bit small and scrawny. I'd be lying if I said I didn't like your new look. Well, am I big enough for you now?
You had always had a crush on your teacher. One day you find a remote that's labeled "Magic remote". You decided to try it out on your teacher (RP)
After the great shift I happened to be one of the few with a brand new body. All I gotta say is that I wish I was born this way. I would have had so much fun in Highschool
Incredible pair!
“Hey, I got you a watch try it on and see how it fits. I think it will suit you very well.” is what you last remembered when your “friends” gave you a cursed watch.
I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience (22M)
“Look, see? Your stupid plan worked, I’m in your stupid sister now. What the hell am I supposed to do now?”
Rubbing lips
I was a undercover cop my boss had told me I need to infiltrate a biker gang I agreed I suddenly fell asleep when I woke up I was in this body with a note saying this will be my new body for the rest of the month while I find info about the gang (rp wanted)
My friend Karen wants to have a party at her house but her mom told her no, so Karen asked me to swap bodies with her mom, now I'm helping her prepare the food but I'm fascinated with my new boobs, they look so horny on this bra I think while Karen is partying I'll explore this body a bit 😝🥰
Is it mostly consumed by men? Probably true. Does it cater to the male gaze? Debatable. Am I aroused by it? Most definitely! But be honest, if after taking the pill you ended up 5'8" tall yet only 104 lbs with a 34-22-32 frame and 34 Es wouldn't you also profit off your body while indulging in it?
My friend wasn't a big fan of white girls, saying they were rather flat and boring looking. They didn't belong with a big ol dick like ours. So, too show him what he was missing, I gave him a first hand persepective on what its like. (Rp)
When you bet the sexy professor assistant that if you get an A on your Gender Studies essay you have to swap and then you get an A+, the first thing you do when you get home is to check out your plump pussy in the mirror. You can clearly see how very much aroused I was by my wide and pretty "Oh!"
"What do you mean that the swap is perm...perman...forever? Like why I can't speak smart?" Said my former favorite client and now she'll have to deal with Carlos: her not so kind pimp after a month of free sex.
I had a date with a girl I met on Tinder. The date was perfect we had dinner and then she came back to my place. That’s when she admitted she had a swap kink and I was shocked because I did too. We started making out and then initiated the swap. Here we are on the sofa, slowly fucking…(RP Wanted)
Nice Tits
I timed my possession wrong, if I waited until she finished her routine then I would be wouldn't be in the hospital right now. This freaking sucks I but at least the girls on her team visit from time to time.
“Jesus buddy! I believe it’s you now! Mia would never be showing off like this for a stranger!” I say back to my buddy that has somehow been swapped into Mia Malkova’s body. I stare on in disbelief, not really able to comprehend what is happening. But at the same time, happy with this…and HARD!!!
“I’m sorry babe, I can’t be a chick their weak, I don’t even know how to cook and clean ” I whined, my girlfriend caught me cheating and so she used this spell to turn me into a girl
As me and my girlfriend were about to have some fun time, the great shift hit her, swapping with an older woman, still with her former underwear. “B-Babe? Is that you?”(Rp always open)
Tech CEO Trevor Khan was one of the many people affected by the Great Shift. They didn't mind being in a new body really they didn't, but couldn't they get a body with bigger boobs
Ever since the gender virus has changed my body into that of a girls, my best friend has taken care of me, she’s teaching me how to become a girl, and well we’ve become close
You were insane for making me model with a rock. You were the best in the business and I told you I’d do anything to start my modeling career. I just didn’t expect this to be the case, “what even is the point of this? Why am I posing with a rock?”
I got a pop up ad for a new truck. The ad said “no financial cost required.” I clicked on it and it said “Are you willing to give up the thing most important to you?” I dumbly clicked yes and it said “removing masculinity.” Next thing I know, I’m outside next to a new truck, but I’m a girl (RP/ama)
She-Hulk bodyswap comic based off She-Hulk Annual
"This isn't funny!" Vegeta snapped at the snickering Z fighters. due to some poor word choice with the dragon balls Vegeta was turned into his wife, now he can't even fly, how is he supposed to rival goku like this?
So I bought this necklace online from a website that doesn't exist anymore and now I look like this. It's like I've been pumped with estrogen every second since putting it on. If anyone can explain what's going on that would be great!
It was supposed to be just a couple dates to get my friends confidence up. But now I’m spending more time in this suit then I am myself and I think I’m starting to fall for him.
Blancnoir - Fucked Against The Counter
Trouble with Karens
My gf broke up with me after revealing she was a lesbian, I was annoyed since but understood. Later I saw an ad for xchange pills and had an idea, I ordered some along with clothes. Once they arrived I waisted no time, texting my ex, "How about we try again?" with a photo of the new me attached (RP)
Great shift in the marvel universe. Who are you and who did you end up in?
Weeks after I’ve made a little joke about a waitress, she seemed to be offended, and swapped our bodies, leaving me stuck as her, with her job. Now, I finally saw my body enter the restaurant, and I tried walking towards it, but I couldn’t move.(Rp always open)
In lingerie for the first time
being a night owl has really started to get on my neighbors nerves. she was woken up at 4am for the last time, it was then that found out that she was a witch and cast a spell switching our bodies. before I knew it my own body was tying me up as they took my picture and posted it to craigslist!
This girl was upset that I would harass her and her friends for sex on the beach. She then switched our bodies as a way to teach me a lesson. What a stupid mistake that was! I started to do this right in front of her. I’m gonna have the best spring break ever at her expense!
I swapped with our babysitter and I loved it. As i was now her and she was now me, I had to make sure she would stay quiet about the swap to make sure my Indian wife doesn’t find out. But our sitter didn’t want to swap back! I now have no money to bribe her, so you know what that means…(rp wanted)
Cute Whores (18+ ONLY) Discord Server!
Part 3 of my spring break vacation. this body is the best thing that ever happened in my life! My buddy just came in my face and he's still fucking, I love being a whore!❤️
When I was approached to volunteer for a fundraiser, I blindly said yes, not knowing that it was for the cheerleaders. They shoved me into a bodysuit and I have to be one until people stop giving them money. They’re taking me clothes shopping and gave me a new name. (RP)
I was homophobic, my sister is a lesbian and a witch, as punishment she transformed me into a girl, she gave me clothes and a rainbow dildo, I can’t help but ride it all day long
My sister locked some my things inside her nightstand with a finger id lock. Unknown to her I recently found out I could transform using other people clothes. So I put on some of her things from the laundry pile and headed to her room when I suddenly hear the front door open. Shit I must hide (rp)
"I'm still shorter than everyone! Look at my fucking shoes, how did this not work?!" After the great shift I was trying my best to still be 'Me'. But that was a stupid effort, considering I was a foot shorter, and a GIRL, "At least I'm getting free drinks!"
Our dog, Raider, was horny and my boyfriend and I were at our wits’ end. We thought swapping my body with his would make him stop. But he’s still misbehaving. Advice, anyone??
I have always fantasized what your amazing body looks like and now I can see it in my own reflection
“I can’t stop myself” I tried to resist the urge to strip naked but I couldn’t control my body, my roommate is a wizard, he transformed me into a girl and ever since my body will do anything he says
!ATTENTION! New on the market FEMINIZATION SERUM! A revolutionary invention that can turn everyone into a lovely women, but be careful! the doses is important and too much of this wonderful serum can cause unwanted effects. DO NOT USE ON STRANGERS! (below some pics with the effects of the serum)
[M playing F4A] I have the house to myself for the weekend, and decide to mess around with some of those x-change pills, nobody would find out, right?
You were tired of being a single mother. Everything was so stressful, and you just wanted a chance to relax and have some fun. You decided to secretly swap bodies with your 19 year old son Felix. After waking up in his body you made your way to your bedroom to check on him. (Continued in comments)
After getting hit by the great shift, I woke up as a missing girl from my town, who seemed to be kidnapped. Well, now I was. I’m alone for the time being, but everything’s locked(Rp always open)
Rubbing lips
great shift in DC. who are you and who did you end up in? feel free to add more pictures of different heros and villans
(RP) For your birthday I bought this machine that lets me bodyswap into any celebrity I want for the day, As long as I don’t cum while swapped, I go back to my body after 24 hours. After body swapping into your fave celeb (pick someone from this post) I surprise you, pretending to be your fav celeb
After buying those "Body Change Pills" online that I thought were a scam, I quickly realized the effect they had, and within a few hours I was matching with a cute guy on tinder and sucking his cock
"What do you keep looking at?" You ask me in such a innocent way even though you know exactly what I'm looking at. We were still friends but ever since you changed into a girl, you have been acting different
I was a DJ before the Great Shift. No need to let something like a body swap stop me from my passion! Just hope they take a DJ in the body of a girl with no prior experience seriously.
Taking out my booba
Xxl dick gives her heavy orgasm
Bodyswap story
Anybody got links to their favorite bodyswap stories? I’m a fan of the bad-end ones
I knew my mom was sick of me being a horny college student. She constantly yelled at me for finding her panties covered in cum. Eventually she got fed up and taught herself to swap bodies with me. Now we're in each other's bodies, she finds more practical ways to use me in her old body (RP)
My best friend who also happened to be my friends with benefits wanted me to experience life a little and bet me I couldn’t out drink her I lost so she decided to make me take a xchange pill for spring break and well you can see how that went she is now claiming I’m her new girl toy
I love tennis! And most of all I love Kiara! My favorite tennis player, she's so good at this sport. Turns out that I love her too much, this morning I woke up in her body! I have to say she's got a fantastic body, and fucking her fans after games is amazing 🤤,now I love cocks more than tennis❤️
I was a big time mobster but the feds were finally on to me so I hid in my safe house and took a gender swap pill I guess someone forgot to tell the guy dropping of the supplies should be fine right? (DM for RP)
My wife told me I sucked at eating her out and I wasn’t understanding her “tips or instruction”. She decided to slip me an X-Change and demonstrate how it should be done…. Needless to say I now know what she means by “That’s the spot”
I think the Private Investigator that was investigating me in a link too all the exhibitionism cases and disappearances should have kept a safer distance. The second we came in contact he was already getting ready too show it all off. (Rp)
“No, wait!” I yelled to the person who stole my body and simply ran off with it. Unknown to me, it was actually me ex who planned all this.(Rp always open)
My friend found a way to possess people. Only this time he's managed to outdo himself and possess two people at once. I was taking a shower before going out and found my Mother and my Aunt watching me with their tits out. "What the fuck" I shout. They both respond "We know you dreamt about this"
Body swap brother-sister story. Does anyone know of a story where a brother and sister swap bodies?
"I know you all feel like I let you down as a father but how could I say no to this?" I said as my family looked on in disbelief. I'd been approached by some rich actress who wanted a way out of the spotlight, she offered to buy my body as a disguise and I couldn't say no to the money or the body!
it was supposed to just be an easy drug bust at a spring break party, locate some E and make the arrest, but something must have happened because I don't remember anything after finding the dealer, I just woke up with a headache and a pair of tits! the commissioner isn't gonna like this.
Ever since I got hit by second puberty I’d struggled with my new fashion sense. Bras just seemed so restricting! This is so much to get used to. I keep annoying my roommate by not exactly covering up. (RP)
You confessed all your sins at church. Feeling much better about stealing your sisters body to get to her boyfriend after Sunday church.
The FOSE landed my roommate in my girlfriend’s body about 4 days ago. Everyday since then i’ve been resisting my urges until today when he came to me and asked to do it. He was so shy in her body, trying not to show how much he was enjoying it the whole time
My best friend’s mom wanted a second chance at youth, so she stole my body right before I went off to college
before, my sister and I did everything together, but as we got older, our interests became different. until I had my second puberty. now we do everything together again. 🥰
My wife works at a pretty secretive scientific research group. Sometimes she brings her work home with her, like today. She brought home SwapPills plus De-Aging Pills. How they work is above me, but she said they copy genetic profiles and such. Well, she didn't account for her breast reduction...
When my dad found out that I, the heir to his massive company, was spotted at strip club with "All those dirty women." I was abit annoyed. Maybe it was time to take over the company alittle early. So of course making him a special 'Company Stripper.' while I took over only made sense (Rp)
Me and my sister were always fighting so to get us to stop, our parents decided to swap our bodies! Lucky for them, it worked! Although maybe a little bit too well, because now we can’t get over each other and end up just fucking! Who knew letting my sister fuck me from my body would feel so good!
My life was fully set, or at least it was until this whore stole my body! With no way to get my perfect life back, I’ve decided to resort to the only thing this body knows how to do - get used by rich guys. only problem is i think i like getting fucked better than i like my old life…
What happens when my daughter and cat mess about in my garage and slip on the body swap machine? (Open RP)
“I-Izzie? Is that you?” I said to the stranger in front of me. Ever since the grest shift put me in a girl’s body, who lived on the other side of the world, with no way to come back to my place.(Rp always open)
Talent
When I found out my girlfriend had been cheating on me with my own father, I was not very happy to say the least. But, I came to a punishment befitting her crime. If she liked it older, her body should fit that. Now my Cougar Girlfriend loves younger guys. Wonder how I should punish my dad (Rp)
coach said we'd been killing it on the court and deserved a proper vacation for spring break, he got the whole team a swapcation so we could do whatever we wanted without harming our bodies, I just wish he had gotten me, his star player, a man's body instead of this chick...
Who wants us?
"Good luck winning the bet now" i messaged with a picture of my new body. We made a bet that if you could complete no nut november i would pay your rent for the year. So to make it more of a challenge i decided to trade in my male body for a new sexier female one in an attempt to make you lose (Rp)
Hello! Not a story for this post but more of a request. Would anyone be interested in playing out a plot where you go from male to female in the great shift and my character goes from female to male. I have a few plots and ideas of how they get together afterwards! And I had a fun idea... Dms open!
“Oh hey, so glad to see you out and about!” I said as I recognized your new body. You were an old friend from college who was a part of the people who got affected by that great shift a few months ago. Ever since I haven’t seen you much. “You look great!” I said as we got closer
You were a huge twitch streamer and you get fan mail all the time. One day you got a pair of nipple stickers. You laugh it off and continue the unboxing stream. But later that night, you can't help but feel as if you should put the stickers on. So you do and wake up like this (RP)
Part 2 of my spring break vacation. I finally did it! after getting this body for the spring break thanks to my best friend, and after fucking all the guys of the camp, I'm finally getting to suck my best friend's cock!❤️
Your sister has been acting different. She said she felt like she was being followed, but now she is just in love with herself. You hear her talking to herself regularly now, it's been a couple of weeks and nothings changed. Only today you caught her stripping on camera, recording it all for someone
I’m bisexual, I’ve only been with guys, my boyfriend decided to surprise me by taking a X-change pill, he’s so hot , I’m kinda jealous of his bigger boobs but he’s so cute in my panties
I was a master at gambling, a millionaire even, until someone cheated me, and ruined my life; I became homeless. Until one day, this girl almost got hit from hit by a bus. I saved her from being hit, getting ran over in the process. I awaken.. but as her!? A college student (Rp)
This girl was upset that I harassed her and her friends for sex on the beach. She then switched our bodies as a way to teach me a lesson. What a stupid mistake that was! I just sent this video to her from MY new beach house. I’m gonna have the best spring break ever at her expense!
The FOSE struck out of nowhere, one moment I was about to head to football practice and the next I'm in the body of the weird goth chick that apparently had a crush on me! how am I supposed to be a quarterback like this!? I gotta find my body and talk the coach into still letting me play!
(GM4A) All the men back on earth were turned into women thanks to the accidental detonation of a bioweapon, so humanity was forced to look to the stars for potential mates, lest it risk extinction~ They sent you, Earth's most... Talented... Astronaut to scout a planet that was found to contain life~
(M4A) "Thanks again for doing this, dude~" Your roommate would coo as his gaze moved up and down your new, sultry body~ Your best friend had been nervous about not being able to satisfy his crush on their first night together, so he had you take a gender swap pill and turn into her for some practice
We call that "Assquake".
I(male) have entered a tv reality show in the same vein as love island I believe. I just want the money anyway. They said they have a spot for me! (I didn’t realize that had to make me a woman!) RP wanted
I had swapped bodies with my daughter for fun. I agreed on the condition that she avoids her mom and she agreed. Later that night I heard my wife moaning meaning they were going at it! However, I received a dick pic from my wife’s number…she swapped with our daughter’s boyfriend! (RP WANTED)
"Cheer up dude" my friend said, driving me home from the swap clinic. I had been swapped at birth with this chick, apparently she's famous or something, and I was made to swap back. Fuck, this girl has massive tits... (RP?)
My friend tells me all the time how his parents abuse him. I also know how to swap peoples bodies and he knows too. After he asked me I allowed him to spend some time in my sisters body to relax. His favorite spot at my house is the hot tub in the backyard.
"Hey, honey, there's a fish on the boat, and I think it needs our help," my wife Sandra told me one day. An eel squirmed around, struggling for dear life. I began to reach for it, but then I saw a glowing pill. Slowly realizing that "Sandra" used to be the eel, I...started making out with her.
My neighbours had a son or daughter one day I ran into the parents and decided they wanted me in the fam after a bright flash I woke up at a train station I was now the moms friends daughter she made up a entire story on why I was moving but I know the truth but couldn’t do anything to stop it (rp)
"oh I don't mind if people stare! actually...I kinda like it! it makes me feel special ❤️" I say to my best friend, who helped me getting this amazing body for the spring break! I think I'm gonna enjoy this small period of time, so many cocks to fuck, even my best friend's❤️😊
"Shut the fuck up!" I banged on the wall. For some reason I made a bet with my girlfriends roommate, if she knew more about my girlfriend Jess than me, I'd have to spend a week as her while she had fun with my gf. Guess who lost the bet? I can hear her fucking Jess in my body from in the next room!
Remote rp
To become the leader of the mafia I had to do many horrible things, but one day the daughter of an old rival came to my door, offering to be my sex slave, I accepted without thinking and it was my worst mistake, a year later I'm trapped in her pregnant body with no chance to escape
My roommate left with his girlfriend every weekend, leaving me alone to take an a change pill. However, he came back early, after breaking up with his girlfriend and saw me playing with my pussy and wanted to show me how cock really feels.
There’s something magical about me, whenever I kiss someone they turn into the opposite gender, I wonder when he’s going to realise he is now a she
So many faces...
When the role exchanger rocked through our town, my wife and I were affected in very different times. It took me a while but I love her fucking my new pussy, and she definitely loves her new equipment (RP)
My jumper loosened as I gradually lost about a foot and a 100 lbs, thinking I might've ended with a flat-chested petite frame; not like there's anything wrong with that. Until I saw the ripest and perkiest set. I may only be 5'1" but I wouldn't call my tits small! Since when big tits are huge tits?
My Granddaughter was visiting for a month &amp; got to taste my wealth. Getting greedy she convinced me to swap with her for a week to enjoy her youth. knowing she planned to change my will, I added a clause to our swap contract. If she changed my will, I keep her body. The clinic called, this is now me
(M4AtF) Looking to play out a fun little prompt in the Bleach setting, where Kon's started to enjoy the finer parts of taking over the Gigai's of all the sexy women in the show~ Feel free to send me a Chat or PM if you'd like to take on the role!
Would you enjoy being him?
my professor warned me that there would be disciplinary measures taken if I was caught looking at porn in class again. but I never expected him to turn me into a woman and kidnap me! HELP ME!!
You and I swapped into these two hotties before their musical, I think we should put on a whole different kind of show for this lovely audience…
after a terrible accident, in order to save one of us, my mind was placed in my sister’s body. When I returned home, I found out that it is officially considered that I died, and my sister miraculously survived. so it’s even better😉
I wanted to go on holiday this spring break, but our family had no money. When I blew out the candles at my 18th birthday, I never expected my wish to come true. What I definitely didn't expect was to wake up in a jacuzzi, in this body! Just when I calmed down, I notice you walking out the sauna! RP
Take one good look at this girl. 2 hours ago she was in a coffee shop getting a Chai Tea Late. Now she's mine. I run a camgirl site of women I find, everyday girls turned into sluts without even knowing. I make my money and I leave.. whose next? Or maybe I'll keep this one around for a bit longer
My friend's daughters and mine were too lazy to work out so they swapped bodies with us, their dads, and had us go to their training regimes instead. Soon after they even had us go to their competitions but we had started to enjoy our new bodies in the meantime and had become closer than ever.
after my ex-girlfriend cheated and left me, I decided to take revenge on her. after drinking “different perspective” pills before going to bed, in the morning I went to college in a new role, now I am the most popular girl in college who took away all her friends and her boyfriend
Remember bullying me in High School, of course you do, as revenge I’ve swapped into your sister’s body and recorded this video, imagine if I send this to your stepdad and all the dudes at her college
"What the is wrong with you? You think this is funny?" Now that we were in college, our parents didn't mind leaving me and my brother home for weeks at a time. But he played constant pranks on me, it was so annoying. The latest being putting X-Change into everything I eat or drink (RP)
Any girls want to play some truth or dare with me or dom me I’m a teen dm me or my snap:smammamsms
I’d love to do a LGBTQ+ Plot
I still can’t believe I let my daughter talk me into undergoing a legal swap with her best friend, but I’m glad I did! I love having fun with my bestie out on the town. And her “dad” lets us get away with tons of crazy stuff!
The great shift put me in your stepmom. It was awkward at first, having been your bully and all, but the longer I was in her body, the cuter you and your step-dad were.
"Come on from there I shout", your my room mate. After you had eaten some X-Change pills you turned into a absolute babe. Only no clothes fit you and you don't know what to do with yourself. "Look you'll be fine at least your sexy now". What's going to happen now?
Amber had an electric problem in her house, so she called her neighbor to help out. He was fixing it when he got shocked and Amber as well as she was near, passing both out. After a while, she woke up to see her own body for her surprise enjoying itself.
It was my 21st birthday. I thought I would be getting cheap drinks, but there was a hot girl at the same bar for her 21st. I wasn’t getting any drinks and complained. Someone must have heard me because one getting free drinks left and right though no one can keep eye contact. (RP welcome)
yesterday at 11pm I got a call. Someone I didn't know told me he took over the body of one of my closest family member. I couldn't ask him who his target was, but after a little while I was convinced that he just wanted to prank me! after all you can't possess other peoples bodies!
I kept teasing and teasing Taryn telling her how easy it would be as a Hooters girl with her body ... I left work that night and as I walked out looking to the sky...I wish I was her...next morning I awoke as..(RP....DM/PM)
“Yes cum in me” I scream as I feel the cock grow bigger, I’m still in love with my ex, he’s got a gf, I transformed her into a man, if she cums in me she’ll be stuck as a man forever and I’ll get my boyfriend back
I was ordered to take swap class and was not happy. We randomly swapped and I got the body of the most popular girl in school. I decided to find her shortest dress and go out. I called my best friend to join me for drinks (RP)
I think the Private Investigator that was investigating me in a link too all the exhibitionism cases and disappearances should have kept a safer distance. The second we came in contact he was already getting ready too show it all off. (Rp)
After getting hit by the great shift, I woke up in my bed as my roommate’s ex girlfriend, who went missing a few years ago. He didn’t tell me anything about this, but I can tell he’s been off ever since I swapped(Rp always open)
No...No! Someone please help me get my old body back! I was working as security at the local jail when a hooker stole my body! She's leaving while I'm being locked up! "Wait! Stop that bitch!" I shouted as she ran away in my body (RP?)
Lovely Lilith
I had enough of your bullying. After inventing the costume gun I snuck into your home and shot your girlfriend, watching her body deflate got me all horny and I just had to be carefull to not wake you up as I forced your body into hers. After finishing up I just had to give your cheeks a slap.
Elastigirl was knocked out by sleeping gas. Before she had time to wake up, a henchmen(you) found out how elastic her body really was, by wearing her like a suit. Her husband just came by to rescue her, he just defeated your boss and you were unsure on how to get out of this situation and her skin.
"This was a gift from the rest of the figure skating team, cause... well, you get it right?" After swap class had errors, it left me stuck in the body of a figure skating girl, now all my old hockey buds kept making fun of me... while the Figure skating team loved their new 'Imposter' girl
(M4A) It had been weeks since you had taken the gender swap pill and turned yourself into an adorable bunny girl. However, your new instincts were the one thing you could never get used to~ You'd stare at your roommate's bulge, rubbing your thighs together, trying your hardest not to pounce on him~
Growing up with three older sisters sucks enough… but this spring break they decided to use magic to make me the fourth sister in our family! They keep teasing me! Especially since a guy keeps looking my way! (RP)
After a long night of drinking on vacation, my friend and I woke up in a strange place in new bodies, two men before us. They told of us the first to make them cum would get the reverse pill. "Good one. We would never...." I start, but am cut off by loud slurping from my friend next to me (RP)
We are two roomates who have been unlucky enough to be affected by the FOSE. After wich we quickly went to our place in order to figure things out. Whose bodies are we going to be in?(Rp)
We both just fell down the stairs at the mall and hit our heads, causing us to swap bodies, which means you ended up in my goth body [RP wanted, F2F]
You, my roommate, wake up and find me, still wearing yesterday's clothes, getting up and stretching my arm. Only problem is, for some reason I was a woman, and I had to yet notice. (RP)
You are fortunate (or unfortunate) enough to live in a world with the Swap Clinic. And that Swap Clinic just got shut down forever, Stranding you in whatever body you happened to be in at the time! || Fill out the form to get your name (and maybe your situation) in a future Stranded caption!
I(male) have entered a tv reality show in the same vein as love island I believe. I just want the money anyway. They said they have a spot for me! (I didn’t realize that had to make me a woman!) RP wanted
Hmu❤️
For Spring Break, my family decided that we would all take a trip to the luxurious Swap Hotel in the Caribbean. My stepsister and I switched bodies when we got there, and we couldn't keep our hands off each other. It was difficult to hide from our parents when we wanted to fuck but we got creative
It’s been weeks since the great shift put me into a girl’s body, on the other side of the country, who worked as a waitress and had no chance of getting back in my town. But after so much time, I finally saw a familiar face, to whom I talked to ever since I changed.(Rp always open)
“…so you’re telling me Cindy is spreading rumors I slept with the whole soccer team?” I asked in disbelief. Everyone had rallied around me after I got the gender flu but the Queen Bee apparently didn’t like me getting her attention. I wasn’t used to this catty mean girl stuff…
Asian beauty
This is an idea I had, message me if interested
I(male) have entered a tv reality show in the same vein as love island I believe. I just want the money anyway. They said they have a spot for me! (I didn’t realize that had to make me a woman!) RP wanted
I(male) have entered a tv reality show in the same vein as love island I believe. I just want the money anyway. They said they have a spot for me! (I didn’t realize that had to make me a woman!) RP wanted
You and I swapped into these two hotties before their musical, I think we should put on a whole different kind of show for this lovely audience…
I used to chug a lot of GFuel when gaming, not realizing I got the off-brand GirlFuel. I went from fat misogynist to chubby feminist in a matter of days, and my boobs just won't stop growing! I still play the occasional game, but I'm more interested in trying pretty outfits and getting naked online.
My step-sister Ira only dated black men. Which made me feel jealous and inadequate. In our conversations, she suggested we'd swap so I could try it out for myself. I started with her toys and came to the conclusion that the kink is not about size, it's about indulging in the limits of your anatomy!
You were always a submissive bitch on the inisde, so the comsic powers of the universe, for whatever reason, put you into a body and Situation to better fit your true self~!
To my horror the FOSE struck right before my wedding, and the maid of honor had been thinking of me! My fiancé agreed with us to keep the whole thing secret and for her friend to take over as the groom. It sucks that I can’t be her husband but at least I can settle for lesbian side piece.
I was heartbroken after my fiancé dumped me but the most surprising outcome was when her daughter approached me about making a secret bodyswap! She wanted to get away from her mom and was happy to let me take her place. This isn’t exactly what I wanted but I’m not complaining!
You got a text from your friend saying he's outside ready to come in 5 minutes ago, you were late to reply, going to get the door your mother comes in playing with herself and flashing you. "I guess I had to let myself in" she says. "but hey your mother was very welcoming practically let me in.."
Savanna had come to this college frat party to have a good time. She didn’t really recognize anyone, but she was still looking to have a good time irregardless. Unfortunately, she was unable to shake the feeling that she was being followed. (Open RP - feel free to send a chat!)
I recently thought about combining animal traits to humans. Oh course my research isn't ethical so I had to take people and animals of the street. This one and her cat were the biggest success only, the cat has completely taken over. She makes good company for me doing my work.
(M4ApF) "Uhm, good Mr. Mittens..." You couldn't help but watch in horror as your perverted, nerdy roommate started to take pictures of your body in all sorts of sultry poses~ You had woken up having swapped bodies with your pet cat, and he's been taking advantage of the situation ever since~
Every guy could use more road head in their life :)
You died, but are given a second Chance! you have to choose a life from these though~
who wants to use my slutty gf :). ruin her . snap @dahballer11
[A4A] Downgrades, body part swap... Etc (m2f)
“Now 𝙬𝙝𝙖𝙩 are you going to do with that?…” I froze as my former high school bully asked me this question. I walked in the room just in time to witness him take over my best friend’s body. “Just in case you’re wondering… she thought you were cute. I can tell.” (Open RP - feel free to start a chat)
It's so nice to be in a hot girl's body! I trade blowjobs in order to get free stuff!
This is really the easiest way to make some money ever. My lazy flatmate is a smoking hot car dealer and a good one too, but she's simply to lazy to rip off these poor idiots day by day. So she let's me hop into her body to make the sales - and I get 50% of the cash! Let's meet this next poor soul.
This is really the easiest way to make some money ever. My flatmate is a smoking hot car dealer and a good one too, but she's simply to lazy to rip off these poor idiots day by day. So she let's me hop into her body to make the sales - and I get 50% of the cash! Let's meet this next poor soul. [RP]
how can i really swap with this girl?
Playing around with possible swap spells to mess with your schoolmates, I have been mumbling them out loud a bit too much I guess. My Dad's new girlfriend walked past my room when I hit her instead! Now look at me! Where was she even going in this skimpy outfit?! [RP welcome!]
great shift who's body do I end up in?
When I signed up for this body swap, I didn't think someone like her would want to take mine. Today I'm trying to put my new body to sport but it's not always easy. I also have to learn how to dress, I have to meet new people. Maybe at the gym.
We were working out when you offered me to try a new protein shake with you. Curious I took one from you and we downed it at the same time. For an hour nothing happened when suddenly we both pass out and wake up like this! (Rp)
I think the Private Investigator that was investigating me in a link too all the exhibitionism cases and disappearances should have kept a safer distance. The second we came in contact he was already getting ready too show it all off. (Rp)
I think the Private Investigator that was investigating me in a link too all the exhibitionism cases and disappearances should have kept a safer distance. The second we came in contact he was already getting ready too show it all off. (Rp)
I(male) have entered a tv reality show in the same vein as love island I believe. I just want the money anyway. They said they have a spot for me! (I didn’t realize that had to make me a woman!) RP wanted
I(male) have entered a tv reality show in the same vein as love island I believe. I just want the money anyway. They said they have a spot for me! (I didn’t realize that had to make me a woman!) RP wanted
I think the Private Investigator that was investigating me in a link too all the exhibitionism cases and disappearances should have kept a safer distance. The second we came in contact he was already getting ready too show it all off. (Rp)
“Are you sure you don’t wanna give me a kiss” I said teasing you. After your machine backfired and changed me into a girl, I was stuck waiting while you had to fix it. I was definitely having fun with this change which annoyed you, “don’t I look cute?“
It’s my 21st birthday, so I went out expecting to get some free drinks. Some hot chick was celebrating at the same bar as me, getting all of the free drinks while I had to pay. I started to complain, and it worked because I’m getting drinks left and right, though no one can keep eye contact. (RP)
Alina Lopez - Stepsister Lends A Hand
Due to the success of Swap Class in the US, Japan decided to hold a trial at one of their universities. Ryo was one of the lucky few to have swapped with Lily, a foreign exchange student from America. Not long after, Lily and Ryo explored each others bodies from the opposite perspective.
"Look I ain't saying this isn't funny. I just think it's starting to affect him mentally- I mean, look at him!" I was a little worried for you after my friend, Jake, showed us this cool party trick where he threw your consciousness into the body of one of the ditzy cheerleaders, "Hey bud, you okay?"
Possession guns were banned- for obvious reason but that didn’t mean they weren’t still accessible. As your neighbour, I’d always seen you come and go- now as you and your young girlfriend got into the elevator, I used the gun to become her. “Fuck! Look at me!” I whisper seductively.
“Wtf why can I feel the water threw the suit?”
I was a small streamer just interacting with my chat. When I suddenly change into a chick. Now I am trying to gather enough money for decent clothes but my audience wants me to strip for the money. (Rp)
Hey cousin! Why dont you come over here i have a secret to tell you… “why are you always staring at my ass huh punk?” (Rp)
life was easy and normal until I woke up in the body of a woman. somehow still with a cock. how will I explore this new body and opportunities
"Finally! You're back, are you okay?!" I ask, kneeling on our motel bed... we were criminals, and we'd just robbed a bank. Our escape plan was to rob the bank and swap with two people nearby. The problem arose when I ended up swapped into a tiny woman... "Do you think anyone knows where we are?"
Going to the swap clinic was a great idea for my 28th birthday it turns out my former babysitter's sister had put her body up. I pounced at the opportunity to be her but there was a brown out and all records were lost for that night. um can anyone help me please?
It can be frightening discovering your true self for the first time. When I found out I was swapped at birth with a woman living on the other side of the country I knew I would have fi make a lot of adjustments. New gender, race, job, everything’s different now!
Day 2 in my new body. Joined tinder and started swiping. It’s real easy to get matches when you are a babe.
My friends and I where enjoying the Batchelor party just so happen to be spring break here in Florida and everywhere was packed. The Great Shift hit and now I’m 23 and a girl! Idk if my soon to be wife is going to like this! But I feel great in white! (RP)
I was on vacation in Japan specifically Hokkaido with my younger brother who was a massive weeb, we went to a shrine that was the resting place for Empress Kaede Himiko. well let's just say I disrespected the shrine and now I'm reincarnated as Kaede Himiko.
"Holy shit...this is real! Look at the dumptruck I've got back there!" I could hardly believe my eyes as I looked down at my new body for the first time. I had been caught out by the FOSE which put me into Bella Thorne's body, I don't know how I'm gonna get used to this... (RP?)
My son was desperate for his inheritance and he devised a plan to get it. He'd possess me, deposit the money, and go back to his body. Only thing he, he has never been good at following directions. He messed up and ended up in the body of his stepmother. Of course I didn't know at the time...
I am your friend, but as the great shift happens, I end up in one of your family members and not only that, but unimaginably horny! Who are you, the son or the father? (rp always open! Chat or PM preferred)
Me and my crew were doing work on this eccentric scientists house. He told us he got everything out so we went to work. I put a hammer through the wall and cracked open a barrel which sprayed a liquid on me and instantly I felt different. What just happened to me???
my parents went on vacation to an ugly field, everyone wants to go except me, so I preferred to go on vacation with my aunt, she was a millionaire but hated men, so I had to change bodies with my busty cousin to go, now this is better than I thought, I have now a good view and new perfect tits😎👙🍒🏖
Well, one thing led to the other. One day you wake up naked as your Spanish teacher in her studio. The door is locked, there's no clothes but sexy lingerie, you put them on and they turn on, you find her toy in the drawer, you first tease your clit but then all you want is man inside you so... yeah
My aunt had a secret boyfriend so I looked for a body swapping witch to investigate, already in my aunt's body I invited her boyfriend to the house but for some reason he ended up seducing me I let him touch me and now they are fucking me in the body of my busty aunt and I think I like it 🤭🥵🍒🥰👄😔👍🏻💛
Looking down at my old body as i slid in and out of it made me feel some sort of way. Going from the hot Asian chick to my teacher was insane, this was the only way he was going to change my grade, by having sex whilst swapped! I was worried at first but slowly got more and more into it…(RP wanted)
I am a friend of your faimily, but after the great shift hits, i find myself inside the body of one of your family memebers! I am also uncontolably horny (are you the father or son?)
Isabel won a trip to spooky island she’s an instagram model and was invited for two weeks to spooky island she was captured and possessed a few of her friends notice she’s a bit off (rp/dms open)
My best friend Isabella has always had back pain because of her huge tits, she has gone to several specialists but the answer was always a breast reduction, something that her toxic boyfriend would never allow, so her decision was..exchanging our bodies "He-hello honey, how was work?"
Creating the Kryptonite reality gun was the best idea i'd ever had. Superman would trouble me no longer. Once he showed up, with a simple zap his body rapidly began morphing alongside his mind. Now, I have an amazingly wonderful Motherly henchmen, with all his powers. (Rp)
She Realized How Big It Is
"This was a gift from the rest of the figure skating team, cause... well, you get it right?" After swap class had errors, it left me stuck in the body of a figure skating girl, now all my old hockey buds kept making fun of me... while the Figure skating team loved their new 'Imposter' girl
I recently had the rare case of tit growth sickness. It’s been a little over 3 weeks and i’m not contagious any more. So you wanted to come over. I walk to the door and opened it. Revealing the fact why i haven’t been around anyone. “I feel better now that i’m not contagious” (male breast growth rp)
“FUCK! Why’d it have to be me?” Me and a bunch of other guys from the football team booked a trip for spring break. I was one of the offensive linemen, so I was always a big strong guy. Until someone suggested we do xchange roulette, where we each take a shot, but one has been spiked with xchange.RP
want the other side?
Finally, I'm taking this to the next level. Some twerp at school tried speaking up to me today. I won't have it, so I turned myself into a slime inside his house and crawled into his sleeping mother. Now I'm going to take the bullying to a whole new level.. but whilst I'm here let's take a look
I always wanted to be busty, to have two huge boobs like melons that bounce off my body, it made me very horny to think about that, although now not only my boobs make me horny, but also my best friend, she doesn't even look me in the eye anymore to see my boobs, i pretend not but i like it🍒
I finally tracked down the bastard warlock that coerced my daughter into losing her virginity on Spring break. I was about to clobber him when he said. “Chill ya prude. Get a life” I then fell flat on my face and when I got up I was this chick in her apt three states over!
Nightwing wasn't the first one of batman's sidekicks to get captured by the joker, but he certainly was the most...changed...The joker performed a brain transplant with his henchwoman Harley, leaving dick in her clown body. now he's back in the batcave trying to prove himself to Bruce.
I'm a guy, but deep down I always dreamed of being like my aunt,a woman so nice,so affectionate and with such a sexy woman's body with those huge tits,I wanted to be her and after making a wish a beautiful fairy,I can finally touch those tits because now I am my busty aunt like I always dreamed🥰🍒
I thought I could trust my son. After I was cursed by a witch, every night I'd turn into a slut. Every morning I'd change back. I begged him to keep my locked up and away from me. He promised he would... but then I found this picture on his phone. That's my female form...
okay a quistion for everyone in this sub, if you had the power to change into any celebrity you want who would it be and what will the first thing you do ?
I cant believe it happened! Went to bed last night horny and very lonely, then woke up as the PAWG of my dreams!! Now i know ill never have to go to bed unsatisfied again. A former-guy knows what other guys wanna seee
Well, I just got my second booster shot. No changes yet, but I'm wondering if I'm actually receiving COVID Vaccinations and not something else.
As a physicist, my area of interest is fluid dynamics. After taking a swap class in college, I learned about my privilege and all the struggle women face in STEM. So I decided to become one. However, my attempt to free the nipple had the unintended consequence of me selling nudes on the internet!
I was an older man and my wife convinced me to go on this thing called a Swap Cruise. We thought it was a swingers cruise and needed some energy. Well I soon realized it wasn't a regular cruise when I wasn't in the body I came in. Worse thing is our daughter snuck on with us and my wife got her. RP
To help mend ties between US forces in Japan and Japanese citizens, the US and JP govts instituted body swap tech, to decrease friction in both groups. Tyler, a Marine, and Rie, a cosplayer, were one of the first candidates to swap. At first, there was animosity, but it was gone after they had sex.
For my 21st birthday, my brother bought me a trip to the swap clinic I’d been asking for and my sister bought me a case of beer and a ton of clothes for my new body. I put on a red dress and cowboy boots and go over to my best friend’s place and sit on his porch hoping someone inside will see me. RP
We rented a huge Airbnb for one of our family reunions. I noticed a bottle of Xchange pills in the bathroom. I don’t know if they belong to one of my family members or the person who owns the Airbnb or whoever stayed here last, but I needed to take one. I needed to feel life from the other side (RP)
Nude swap ?
By some miracle, you are given a second chance at life, with one catch. You have to be a woman this time. Which of these lives do you choose to inherit? (RP wanted)
I had recently obtained a spellbook and I had been testing some of the spells. I found a possession spell and wanted to try to use on this hot chick from the gym, but she spotted me before I could start chanting the spell. (RP)
I was taking my best friend's daughter home from school when someone rear ended my car. Our souls must have gotten knocked out because we switched bodies! Now I'm home and checking out my new sexy young body. Being a girl feels amazing! And her nipples are so sensitive, they feel so good!
On today's episode of Body-Swapped-On-An-Isolated-Island we have new contestants! Who knows how long they'll last!
Day 3 in my new body, I wanted to try my first bbc. Cum to find out this body was built for it. Looks like I went black and I’m not going back.
All natural mom of 3 here (45f)
I stare at my wife from my daughter’s body after my daughter and I got in a fight over her choice of clothing. “Honey, don’t you think this was a bit…extreme? You think this is an appropriate outfit to wear to a frat party? Seriously???? How am I in the wrong? Just swap us back!” (RP)
"I'm here..." I said as I hurried into the interview. I was competing with a another undergraduate at the university who decided that he could could ruin my chances at a research job by testing his biotech on me. But I wasn't going to let becoming a girl ruin this. (LIT RP 90/10 story to lewdness)
After I canceled my wedding with my ex-fiancée, she went completely crazy, sending me threatening messages and stalking me, I finally reported her. .but for some reason, today I woke up in her body, and now my own cock is going to fuck me with a macabre smile!
To combat their declining birth rate, Japan announced mandatory swaps between eligible men and women, in the belief that being in the opposite sex's body increased fertility and sex drive. Yuto and Aiko were paired in this program, and after lots of breeding sessions, they managed to start a family.
It's been about month since I discovered my shapeshifting powers, after a week I gave up on returning to my normal form so I've been spending my time in short, cute forms. today i decided to be this 4 foot neko. (dm to rp)
We were a couple similar to Bonnie and Clyde. After each robbery we would celebrate but you said you wanted to try something new. You wanted to swap bodies, I was scared but agreed. You were still girly in my body and a few hours later I was on my knees sucking you off with your mask on…(RP Wanted)
"Thank you so much Brandi! I promise I won't let this opportunity pass me by!" That's how a year has passed since actress Brandi Love gives me her body, life, milf status and her career in adult movies. Soon I will shoot my 50th movie
Ukraine girls really knock me out (Emily Bloom)
“Alright, there. I blew just about all of her money turning her into this plastic bimbo bitch. Think we can be done with this now?” I was your boyfriend and to stomp some completion at work you asked me to trade bodies with the woman and ruin her reputation. So far so good I guess?
Classic
I didn't know what was wrong, but for some reason my mother was acting strange today. She was looking into the mirror longer than normally. Now she is wearing such revealing clothes... "Hey mom you are different today..." I tell her. what I didn't know is that someone possessed her body. but who?
When i wished to become a combination of 3 sexy women, i didn't think i would become 3 seperate women! I'm now stuck having 3 bodies sharing one soul, Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, and Michelle Williams. I have no idea how my family will react to this- shit! My brother is coming! (RP)
Rising tuition and rent is how I found myself serving at a bar near campus. Sure when the managers told me I’d have to wear a bodysuit during my shifts I was thrown off, though I was swayed when they said something about “triple the profits”. I just hope my friends don’t come in for a drink!
This was a mistake. Stella was on the wrong plane and took her to exchange island. Before she can react she now had a new body. She was male and her old body was somewhere on the island. She searched until she found her body now in a black bikini by the beach. “Hey that’s my body!” She yelled out.
Chelsea Marie and Korra Del Rio – Shemale Idol
I was caught checking this girl out at the gym and she was furious though what I didnt know was that she was a witch and soon she swapped us and after realizing how long of a package she now had she forced me to help polish it off in order to swap back, it really doesn’t feel so big in her tiny hand
“Yep its really gone” I said as I lifted my new dress up to show my friend what I had lost, a week ago I found out I was swapped at birth with and that really “my” entire life was meant for someone else, and what I was meant for was to not play basketball but to have basketballs strapped to my chest
"I'm here..." I said as I hurried into the interview. I was competing with a another undergraduate at the university who decided that he could could ruin my chances at a research job by testing his biotech on me. But I wasn't going to let becoming a girl ruin this. (LIT RP 90/10 story to lewdness)
My friend recently invented a machine that let's him possess bodies. He normally uses it to get free things, but sometimes he does it to have a bit of fun. He possessed our neighbor the other day and is still having his fun with her.
it’s been a month since i swapped into my sister’s body and we accepted it was a permanent issue, this led me to chopping off some of her hair and changing my style to match this new body i have, whatcha think?
I went to go check on my sister because she didn’t leave her room all morning. Once I entered her room I noticed her body was empty, and once I got close to it I got sucked into it. Mom must have heard this because the second I regained consciousness she was there claiming to see it all.
You had been minding your business, when you spotted a jogger stop to take a break. You thought nothing of it until you saw someone come out of the shadows and run into her, phasing inside her. She stumbled for a bit, before looking around and smiling as she checked herself out. (RP)
I was so frustrated. I confessed to my son about all the changes the Role Exchanger did to me... how does he help me? By taking advantage of me! He's locked me out of our hotel room, and told me he'd only let me back in if I sent him a naughty video... He knows the affect this has on me!!! (RP)
Yesterday, I called an overworked and underpaid bartender a dumb Asian bimbo. This morning, I woke up a dumb Asian bimbo, getting fucked by a line of men, and it feels so good! I want more!
I needed a date after telling everyone at work that I had a gorgeous girlfriend. Begging you to come with me, I organised a witch to cast the possession spell and offered to pay you for coming with me. Finally, you agreed..
Our dog Raider started getting horny and my boyfriend and I were out of ideas to stop him. So we decided to switch my body with his. Raider still isn’t stopping. Advice, anyone??
My gf told me she was having a friend over after I got home from work, when got home walked into this, she said "Get this suit on, he's almost here"
My first day of spring break was fun, but I was ready to go home after a long day at the beach. As I went to go clean the sand off, my eyesight went dim. When I got my vision back, I saw my body doing this on the shower pole. “Hey! What did you do to me? Stop doing that with my body!”
“Dude! You said you could reverse this!“ You had used a magic stone to turn me into Lapis from Steven Universe but little did I know it was incapable of switching me back
Perhaps when I asked the cheerleader out she should have chose better wording then "No, the only way someone would sleep with you is if they were paid!" And of course, me, being naive, took it too heart, and handed her a five dollar bill. Within seconds she became the cheapest hookers in town(Rp)
what would you all do if you swapped into her body for a day?
I'm never one to turn down a dare, so when I was dared to mess with the college's Swap Class machine, I did. Except it malfunctioned and threw me into the body of the new teachers staying at the dorm! My old body is out cold, too. I'm too afraid to tell anyone what happened... (RP/Comments)
When you accept your fate and know that there is no going back...
Trying on lingerie in this new body is amazing. I love how my little petite body looks with frilly panties and bra. The way it hugs my new little flat mound keeps getting me excited. I need to take them off so I don’t ruin them.
Remember in high school, you use to bully me, well isn’t revenge a bitch, I’m in your body having sex with your sister’s boyfriend, what would your husband and sister think if they see this video
After wining my local bodybuilding competition for 3 years, I moved to the next hardest thing: living as a moderately fit girl with a juicy hardworking ass. I never anticipated I'd develop such a tiny waist. At first, I feared I'd snap in half! I may be a bottom but these buttocks will crush your...
When the great shift Hits, I had been kind of unfortunate, I am shifted into the body of your wive and extremly honry! Will you help me~?
I cant believe it happened! Went to bed last night horny and very lonely, then woke up as the PAWG of my dreams!! Now i know ill never have to go to bed unsatisfied again. A former-guy knows what other guys wanna seee
I need a good rp bud to become my irl crush and let me love you. I'll fuck and love you forever. romantic rp
When i opened the door is when i realized why i had become a girl. It was funny, now lets see what im capable of.
It’s not fun hopping into a slut on her spring break. Everyone expects her to flash her tits and get constantly fucked. That’s why I hopped into Edna here. Her introverted nature hid these delightful curves for so long. With me in charge, she’s gonna be the biggest slut on the beach! (Open rp)
After Nicki stole some bars I wrote I managed to win a lawsuit against her, the judge ruled since she stole my lyrics it was only fair for me to "steal" her body. the headlines were crazy "highschooler win's pop-star's body" now I get to finish my senior year as her, I'm already becoming popular!
my friends and I all found this spell, it was supposed to turn us into whatever anime character we were closest too, but something must have gone wrong, instead of some Badass I turned into this blonde chick from death note! all my friends can fly and I'm stuck with a lethal notebook!
Breaking News! The Swap Clinic has been raided by government agents. Body swapping is no longer possible, and likely never will be again. We interview the victims of this event, the people STRANDED in bodies not their own. || Caption Series - Share any ideas you'd like to see!
“What are you looking at?” My friend said. He had found a spell book with a spell to be with our perfect partner. Once he finished the incantation, his clothing and gender had changed: turning him into the woman now in front of me. “Guess the spell was a dud, but why do I feel so strange?”
I was unemployed, and as my final way to earn any money, I was signed up for the 'Girlfriend' scheme, down on their luck guys had girlfriends assigned to them, they were always sweet, pretty and perfect. I just didn't realize... I'D Be becoming the girlfriend! And assigned to you?!
For spring break me and my friends went to Miami. One night I dreamt there was a body suit in my room after I get back completely hammered I put it on then woke up “oh good it was a dream”I hear in a high pitched voice i Jump up look in the mirror and screamed and my friends ran in and sore me. (Rp)
You and I were friends- we found a website which gave us possession of this girls body, we decided to take it in turns to spend alternating weeks inside her and now it was my week. “What the hell have you done, dyed our hair?” I text you with a photo attached.
I got in a huge argument with my mom and got kicked out of the house. I told my girlfriend about what had happened. Next thing I know I got a message from my mother with a picture of her. “Come back home, baby.” My gf had possessed my mother.
I tried to possess one of the popular girls since I rank pretty low on the girl totem pole in school and I wanted a change. Well, it turns out she’s not really a popular girl, she’s a popular boy…
Big dick fucks a young shaved pussy
I think I was still a boy when I went to the party yesterday... but I drank some funny juice and then in the morning I looked like this! it's soooo weird and my head feels totes empty *giggle* should I ask my dad or my bestie for help? cause they are both so smart and idk who to ask....
M4A- I needed a date after telling everyone at work that I had a gorgeous girlfriend. Begging you to come with me, I organised a witch to cast the possession spell and offered to pay you for coming with me. Eventually, you agreed..
Busty Mongolian Babe Cums Hard
I wanna swap into my cousin so I could go around town jerking off all the boys with big dicks with my huge tits
MTF4Futa I was an ass to one of the female crew mates aboard our ship about how easy it was to get with women. She was so mad that she shoved an X-change pill down my throat and started to fuck me with her cock. I just hope it’s not a breeder.
"Actually, you're a worm sub masquerading as your human domme," I announce just before I use my reality-warping powers to return the TRUE Lily and worm to their rightful lives, them only having been each other thanks to a spacetime glitch. Neither likes it at first, but they soon come around.
Making the most out of noisy neighbours
We had to make a video where we'd showcase our 'favorite' outfit for the body given to us in swap class. But I decided to make the video extra 'special' and made sure Amy knew how much fun I was having in her body. Would be a shame if we didn't swap back...
"Huh, so that's where my old leotard ended up" I say as I watch my own son's TikTok video. I noticed some of my clothes disappearing and apparently he used TikTok to show them off. I walk over to his room to confront him, let's hope he doesn't notice the raging hard-on he made his own mommy pop.
Using a Reality Warping app to change myself is a bad idea... I wanted to experience a few kinks.. Humiliation and Submissiveness... now I ended up as a 50s housewife with no phone or app insight to reverse it...
Warning: Be careful if you swap with Nadiaskyhealy. they changed my email and password and I had to do the email recovery thing and then they lied to me saying in must have been someone else. this was like my one rule on the account swap thought I made it simple enough.
I thought I was taking molly but something wrong happened and I got a swap pill now I’m in the body of the girl who sold it to me. I’ve never been to a rave before but I think this body was already rolling and her bf can’t stop looking at me
M4A- I needed a someone to come with me to a work vacation, after telling everyone I had a stunning girlfriend. I begged you to come with me to play the part, even sourcing a witch to cast the possession spell and to pay you for your time.. eventually you agreed
When I found out my wife was cheating on me, we started couples therapy. The therapist suggested we do Swap Therapy, which we agreed. All that resulted in was me finding out she was cheating with multiple men. After a night of drinking, I let one of them fuck me... well, that was nine months ago.
M4A - I needed a date for an evening meal with the director of my company, I told them I had a stunning girlfriend but I was actually single. I begged you to go along with me, even offering to pay a sorceress to help you possess a girl and to pay you for the trouble. Eventually you agreed...
I found this amazing apartment for super cheap and was able to sign the lease. The moment the ink dried on the paper, I started changing. Apparently the landlady only rents to plus sized women with no exceptions. Help! I'm locked into this place for a year!
Any respectable mob boss has a spare body in their penthouse- in the unfortunate event of an untimely demise. Unfortunately, a rival had killed you in a drive-by but your consciousness upload was a success. “Welcome back sir” I greet you.
Those eyes ... that look ..
You had been so jealous of my new girlfriend. Always complaining how I never made time for my best friend and roommate. You get this crazy plan to win me back. You wait for the weekend my girlfriend is going on vacation and surprise me back at our apartment.
You moved into a old house with your best friend. There was still a bunch of old stuff you had to throw out, but you noticed something between the junk. there was a expensive ring. You couldn't believe your luck, but a strange energy was comming from it... are you brave enough to wear it?
When I realised I could switch peoples bodies at will I made sure to use my powers for good and that’s were you came in, as you stared me down like a piece of meat with those lustful eyes regardless of being on a day out with your family.. you needed to learn your lesson, perhaps you could babysit..
My sister’s best friend had an interesting proposition for me – she wanted to go on spring break with my sis, and the only way to make it happen was to secretly switch places with me. Of course, in return I’d be free to enjoy the week as her however I chose. Here's to a break I'll never forget!
My best friend is stuck in a hookers body… I tried taking him to a witch or something to get him out! But he’s actually stuck! He acts like his normal self until sunset… that’s when he starts acting slutty and trashy! I don’t know what to do! It’s starting to get bad!
It was girls get in free to the ball game at Wrigley Field. My friend and I were huge baseball fans but could not afford it. Luckily we had our remote and decided to change into each other’s girlfriends to gain a new experience. I give my friend a look saying my new body has some urges.
I was obsessed with my crush. He really wasn't into me but loved my best friend. I ditched my morals and possessed her, now I do video calls like this with my boyfriend every night. I hope we don't break up, my friend would hate knowing she was used like this... I think he records the screen...
I've always heard this myth that women are more fit as hikers than men. When X-Change came out, I wanted to test it myself: I took a pill and went up one of my favourite paths. indeed, I reached the peak a lot sooner than expected, and by dawn, I was already at the refuge (RP)
Happy girlday to you. You deserve a treat.
Ever since I swapped bodies with my neighbor, Ally, I just can’t seem to stop staring at my ass in the mirror. I seriously need to swap back ASAP so that I can go back to admiring it from afar. (Open RP)
I wanna swap into my family so I could go around town jerking off all the boys with big dicks with my huge tits Instagram justingomez6540 discord joe45#8482
I'm 28 years old and I've been working as a dentist since I was 18, I needed a change, I told to my mom about this and she gave me a massage and when I woke up I had a new job, now I'm happy and although my new job is make people get horny with my boobs, but now I prefer be a happy busty woman🥳👍🏻
"See! I told you I can be sexy and cute, you jerks." Ever since I got the gender flu, my friends have all been teasing me saying I can't fit this style or look good in certain clothing, but I'm proving them all wrong! It doesn't help that my iq dropped a lot after my changes though...
You always warned me never to enter your aunt's room as she was weird. Well, one time before a costume party I needed to use the bathroom and ran into the wrong room and was hit with a flash. Waking up I was a copy of your aunt. Even my costume changed. (RP)
It was girls get in free to the ball game at Wrigley Field. My friend and I were huge baseball fans but could not afford it. Luckily we had our remote and decided to change into each other’s girlfriends to gain a new experience. I give my friend a look saying my new body has some urges RP
I got a call from a random number before blocking it- it turns out that It was my girlfriend warning me that her SwapClass had malfunctioned- meaning her and you, her teacher had swapped by ‘mistake’. Just as I heard the door open… “hey, how was it?” I ask
"Ugh I'm such a klutz!" Ever since I had fawned over Pinup girls specifically the ditzy ones I found myself getting caught by my witch sister who sent me into my own cartoon where Im the ditzy klutzy slut.
Not gonna lie, waking up in this new body completely flipped my world upside down… I can’t even begin to explain what happened because I don’t even know myself, but one things for certain, this new body is absolutely divine and it’s certainly growing on me…
Have you ever wanted to live an online life as a girl? (wholesome, long-term)
"C'mon, you don't lose anything! you will have this cute body and a lovely boyfriend you'll know about this, so you won't have to pretend to be someone else. what do you say?" said the woman in the waiting room of the swap clinic
"I am off to my first porn shooting. Wish me luck!" After my first pill, it didn't even take me a day to convince myself to start making porn and not even a month to land my first gig. I don't what's the big deal, though. Getting paid to get naked slash make myself cum, is the best job I've ever had
Nicole had no idea she had booked a vacation to an exchange island. As soon as she stepped out of the plane she saw she was in the body of a male. Later that day she went out to the beach wondering around until she finally saw her body in a laced bikini. Whoever was in there was no afraid to expose
Some transfers into their new female bodies need more persuasion before they behave.
You get this video from your best friends number. “Dude I told you I could get her to come over. Now you’ve gotta come here to find out how I did it.”
"Mom come on, turn me back. I don't want to be in my sister's body. I know I called her a bitch but that doesn't mean I want to be her. Please tell her I'm sorry. She's gonna fuck with my body." (rp)
“Oh hey mister, why don’t you get inside. Mommy was waiting for you” I said while opening the door. It was time for some revenge. My bully had tormented me for years but I found a way to switch places with his mom. A perfect way to get some payback.
Wait till the end, it's worth it.
We were athletes who ended up in these chick’s bodies. We were on the field and saw these two hotties in the stands, after staring we noticed everything shift and we were them. They were now us and performing better than we ever could. We’re going to meet them privately after the game…(rp wanted)
The Neighbor's plan-Found this story so hot, shall we RP what happens next? M4F
someone take my crushes body
I can’t believe it’s been two years since the school bimbo stole my body. Left pic was me after graduating high school as valedictorian. Right pic is HER in MY body going to MY college. (More in comments)
So, I have been living with my Aunt for a while, and recently I decided to rent a shapeshifter to hang out with. At the end of the night, they didn’t charge me, and left. But I think he didn’t leave… I think he took my aunts place… and now… I can’t figure out where the real one is… (RP/Mystery)
I was sneaking around your room while you weren’t home. I found what looked like a curled up pile of flesh under the bed. I look at it and realize it’s a female body suit. I’ve secretly always wanted to be a girl, so I put it on. I find a bra and panties and do some poses in the mirror. (RP)
Bigger than they look
Can someone help me? I found this game in my attic and some crazy shit happened, next thing I know, I wake up in a jungle looking like this! Why the hell am I some redhead in skimpy clothes?! (RP?)
When my wife and I swapped bodies, I was having trouble being submissive in sex. I couldn’t bare lying there being pounded so I took control, I guess old habits do die hard…
Fancy seeing what it’s like to live a day in the body of a 6ft 4 Amazonian giantesses? It’s not as easy as you may think!
My girlfriend said I needed a new perspective over summer break and as if it were magic the world started shaking and we passed out… when we woke up we had switched bodies! I really hope this finishes before we go back to college! (RP)
I always liked my cousin's best friend and today was her 21st birthday so I needed to be there I kidnapped my cousin and swapped bodies with her an hour before, I put on a sexy blue dress and I went to the party, it was incredible to be one more woman and be able to spend a few hours with my crush🥰
Before the shift, I loved pleasuring my partner. However, that alone would've never gotten me off. Now here I am, living vicariously my old fantasy of being jerked off two-handedly. I may not experience how good it is to explode on my tit but I'm so turned on by it, I'm at the verge of the orgasm!
I Worship Her Titties!
My tinder date insisted that we swap. I agreed, reluctantly. Being an Alpha is a mindset, I may be a woman but won't let myself to be topped by anyone; not even myself. Even though I was the one in the receiving end, I took the lead and rode her like there was no tomorrow. Just like a real man would
So… I fucked up. My roommate ate my X-Change infused chocolate, and now… she’s a Karen! I tried finding the reversal but can’t! Now she thinks I’m her boyfriend… and that she’s loaded! She keeps sending me videos of herself. But I don’t know what to do! She’ll be home soon…
Strange Way to Wake
Swapping unsupervised into a video game was a bad idea, especially after the dumb Tracer AI ran my body into traffic thinking she could rewind time. Even if I'm not alive anymore, I still gotta make a living, or be sold as software. Lucky that guys are willing to pay to spend time with me in VR
skinsuit RP I play as Britney spears who is secretly a master of disguise and you play my friend who doesn't know about my fun but suspects something with Me when I don't show on are annual frat weekend
"Did you guys really have to get it like... all over me?" I ask, sighing from my new body. We were using spells to steal bodies to become more attractive, I'd decided to keep this body... all I had to do was swallow some cum. "Alright, find a girl... and we can test it with girlcum too."
"It's swap class' fault, don't blame me that my body disappeared... plus, it's been over a month so they can't even undo the swap anymore, just chill out, I'll be a good little sis!" After I got swapped with your sister in swap class... my body disappeared suddenly...
I wasn't invited to the college party thrown at my local dorm - but Emily was, my biggest crush. So I managed to swap into her, enjoying the party with a lot of drinks given to me by the jocks. Some chatting, dancing and partying later, I get pulled into the bathroom by Steve... [RP open]
As an military veteran, finding work wasn't always easy, until I was head hunted *heh* by a gaming company digitising people with combat experience to be the next generation of game AI. It wasn't quite the shooter or the body I was expecting, but at least I get to hang out with my old squad buddies
“Pose for the camera and let’s go have a good time” I (right) say to my girlfriend of 3 years. “I’m still hot, even if I’m a woman now. You’ll get used to it, I’m sure 😘”
"Ugh dad come on stop taking pictures of me. it's embarrassing. I know I flunked out of Princeton but being an only fans girl with my father isn't that a little much? " (rp)
I'd retired from piloting until they came hammering on my door. "Both pilots incapacitated. We need you to land that plane, and there's a stewardess willing to sacrifice her body to get you on-board. But it's a one way trip once we've beamed you there." I was so confused I accepted
I was a loser with no friends so I decided to take a xchange pill and got to a college party to see if I could make any new friends (rp wanted)
I was on the train asleep as this young chav girl annoying everyone suddenly while I was sleeping one of the passengers swapped my body with her (rp wanted)
"There's no way people would treat you different just because you're Asian and a woman" "Oh yeah?! Why don't you try it?! It's not as easy as it looks"
During Spring Break, my family would have a "Swap Week" where my mother, father, and myself would swap bodies. This time, I brought my girlfriend along with us. She swapped with my father and vice versa. Everything was fine until I overheard my father and gf talking about making this permanent (rp)
Having trouble messaging
Life was miserable, every day I was screamed at to get a job and be productive after finishing university. One night as my sister was shouting at me I jumped up, not knowing she was stood directly behind me. Our heads collided, next thing I know my shirt is really tight and I have a few extra bits…
I think I was still a boy when I went to the party yesterday... but I drank some funny juice and then in the morning I looked like this! it's sooo weird and my head feels totes empty *giggle* should I ask someone of my family or my bestie for help? Cause they are all sooo smart and idk who to ask...
I'm looking for a wholesome online girlfriend experience (22M)
A botched trip to the Swap Clinic left me a little more than upset. Here I was half way across the country. Stuck in some woman’s body having to navigate to my “home” until the workers can figure out what to do. I’d been on hold for 30 minutes and I wish they would use my real name
After seeing my ex at a club, I rushed into the nearest toilets to hide and texted my friend what to do. Turns out it was the girls and she said she could get me out without trouble. I didn't think she meant turning me into a girl with matching dress and heels. At least I'm not talking to my ex (RP)
Our beach party was off to a great start! My best friends and I had bought new personality plugs for our skinsuits to make us act like sluts at the beach. We'd just convinced you to put yours in. the results were instantly visible as soon as the plug popped inside of you...
“Ok mom. I think it fits fine. Now give me some privacy to change into my regular clothes and then change me back.” My mom is a witch and specializes in clothing and body modifications. She runs a business where she’ll magically tailor someone’s clothes, but I always have to be her model (RP)
I wasn't a fan of the change, it was unwanted and quite unexpected, but the more I start to look in the mirror at the new me, I'm starting to like what I'm seeing...what exactly could I do and get with this new body? (Dm me to rp)
aaa
(M4A) You'd let out a groan as you slowly woke up before rubbing the sleep out of your eyes~ A strange menu would appear before you, detailing various parts of your own body as well as series of options for each region~ There were also some presets of characters you recognized from games and anime~
“Dude hurry up and put your dick in me” said my best friend, I used a spell to secretly turn him into a girl, I may have also raised his libido, look how wet he is just from a simple kiss
any girls want to swap bodies?
these shorts hug me in the all the right places
“Jesus, look at you… I’ve got to get this on camera” I whisper. A new strip club has opened and we’d gone to check it out. However, the club offered a possession service where you could be one of them for a large fee- here you are inside ‘Destiny’.
Me and my gf are long distance but that didn’t stop the fose. We had a routine where every friday night we’d masterbate at the same time…sad I know. We still have that tradition although it took a little adjustment thanks to the fose…I just hope we can see each other in the flesh soon….
Weird question but does anyone have a used social media they would be willing to give away?
The gang went back to spooky island to hope to find Velma’s spirit. But they pulled me out instead. My spirit flies around the room. I went to Velma’s body. Knocking it onto the floor. The monster comes out as i try to settle into my new body. (Rp, you’re Fred)
My friend Ashley always said her family was weird, and that I couldn’t survive a day in her household. I accepted the challenge. I expected a sleepover, but she swapped our bodies in the night. First thing I wake up to is her older sister penetrating my ass. This is going to be a hard bet to win
After you announced your plans to drop out of college, your mother decided the only way to keep you from making such a mistake was to steal your life for a year and finish it for you.
For the last two weeks, my wife has been in my body, working as me, while I've been at home in her pregnant body. Today, I was going to ask her to switch back, but she came over with some great news, she's got a promotion while in my body. Should I still tell her? Her pregnancy is very advanced
“Are you fucking kidding me Ryan? I know you did this. It’s me Nathan! You called me last night talking about a magic remote that can change peoples’ bodies and I wake up like this? Drop the act, you prick.” (RP)
“D-daddy s-slow down.” My daughter grunts out from my former male body. I had created a swap device and it had malfunctioned and my daughter and I had swapped bodies. Naturally, she got her first boner and dealt with it herself, but as the days went by she started asking me to help…(RP WANTED)
29 M4M Femboy Shapeshifter
The worst part about being a male celebrity photographer was when the client never shows up on time, I have to take photos as them, once people saw I do a good job. They hire me to impersonate them. (Dm or chat to rp. You can play the shapeshifter or me)
Recently, a female crusader had investigated a town where there was a case of Demonic possession. She eventually exorcised the Demon from its victim, but had to make herself its host. She was able to keep control via chastity, but the Demon’s influence grew stronger with each passing day…(RP)
I knew the reason my son came out flawed because he never had a Mother. After this final straw I decided to give him a chance to see how tough it was to be a parent...by swapping our roles. He could be a Mom, while I get too be the bratty, do whatever I want son. (Rp)
Three month ago, my girlfriend and I swapped. Now he is my husband.(chat or DM)
The Soul and Libby Stein-Torres: A Tale of Love, Oddities, and Independence
“..Seriously you haven’t fucking told him yet what have you been doing for the last 2 days.. UGH!” Your bum of a best friend needed a space to crash and get his life sorted but ironically his life got sorted alright, straight into mine well my body to be more precise, I hate this, that smug bastard.
(M4ApFB) "Alright dude, be careful~ This body's a little fragile... Oh, and my ass is a high end fleshlight hehe~" You'd teaes your roommate as he pushed the android host you were currently controlling onto its back before resting his throbbing, rock hard member against your cute little dicklette~
I was cursed by a witch, she transformed me into a woman, the only way I’ll return to normal is if I swallow 5 litres of cum in 5 days, my friend is currently helping me reach this goal
When a freak accident in chemistry class swapped me with my lab partner, I had to live her life until we could figure out how to fix it. She didn’t want me ruining her good clothes, so she told me to “just wear a hoodie or something.” So here I am in her dorm, just wearing a hoodie. (RP)
"See ya son, I wish I was going with you" I say as my son was leaving for spring break. A couple hours later and I suddenly feel tired, I head to the couch to take a nap. when I wake up I'm no longer at home. I'm on an airplane? I look down and see this isn't even my body. I hear a familiar voice.
"The hell are you lookin at?" You heard your sister say as she walked past you, fully naked. Your sister has been acting strange ever since your parents left for vacation. Little did you know your bully had possessed your sister and was now planning to enjoy his temporary body for the next week!
While on a vacation in Italy, Second Puberty suddenly hit me. Now I'm not able to leave the country and the embassy is no help! (RP)
“And you said swap class would be a waste of time!” I type, teasing you with a picture of my new body. “Told ya you should’ve taken it with me! I could’ve really used a study buddy for the ‘get to know your new body’ assignment…”
Can someone help clean up this mess?
"We could get this, seems fun right?" Ever since the great shift swapped me into a womans body, I've still been hanging out with my old friends... I've just also been a little more flirty than usual... it's a shame none of them get it! "Fine, fine I'll put it back, you boring nerds..."
Have you ever wanted to live an online life as a girl? (wholesome, long-term)
I got partnered with Ashley in swap class. Founder of the abstinence only club on campus, she was known for being a prude. I was bummed (my friends got to swap with cheerleaders) until I got home and saw for myself what she was hiding. I think I'll go shopping, find something to compliment her body.
“What do you mean she paid extra for me to ‘make an appearance!? Since when is that part of the deal?” My friend was a seamstress with a knack for making great clothes…by using magic to morph me into the model. Now, she seemed to be taking special requests without telling me!
(M4A) You'd let out a groan as you slowly woke up before rubbing the sleep out of your eyes~ A strange menu would appear before you, detailing various parts of your own body as well as series of options for each region~ There were also some presets of characters you recognized from games and anime~
I met this chick whilst on spring break and we instantly hit it off. We headed back to my hotel but suddenly we switched bodies. She was still talking like a girl and she thought we were going to fuck, that’s when I pushed her onto the bed. Here I am riding her as she moans like a girl...(rp wanted)
Things couldn't of got any worse. Today I wished to be closer to my crush, however what ever granted it had some sick sense of humour. I woke up in a daz in her mom's body, naturally I explored this body and I wasn't disappointed. Being home alone was going so well until I heard the doorbell ring!
M4A - You thought it would be funny to surprise me by hiding in my room, all dressed up, in this body you possessed, for my birthday. When I see you, you find it hard to reveal it was just a prank..
My house was broken into, nothing was taken apart from my collection of SkinSuits- worth a fortune. I thought they would be sold on but I saw one of them out in public- you’d ruined her and you were inside. “What do you think you’re doing, what have you done to her?” I ask, grabbing your arm.
my friend use to always complain about her body and how she wished it were different. she told me I'd understand if I were in her position. well, we swapped a week ago and I'm loving it. we're meeting today and I'm curious if she's enjoyed the change as much as I have
25 [F4M] Possess my boyfriend's ex girlfriend and make me jealous. Detailed writers ONLY!
My girlfriend was a world famous pornstar… that’s not the problem. Unfortunately, the problem was when she offered her body for her ‘fans’ to rent for 24 hours through a possession website. You were one of these fans and were now in control of her body
that's definitely male and female body swap
“Try not to get this one arrested” I say annoyed. We were drug dealers but you had the genetic possession ability- you’d take over an innocent body and use it to deal drugs before leaving it when you got caught.
...And being impersonated by your own snotty, clever, body-hoarding pet worm. Ugh, I'm starting to regret taking even one of those new "Animal XChange" pills, nevermind TWO (as 1 pill is supposed to cause a 1-week swap), because now, I'll be forced to stare at, and listen to, THIS for a whole month.
“Buy me dinner first” I tease. All of my friends are bending over backwards for me ever since second puberty hit me. And it hit me hard. So now, I love to make fun of them with my body. They love me, but they can’t have me, and that’s the most powerful thing. “And of course you’re paying”
I love my new life. I was in love with my best friend Chris, but he was straight and it would never work. My crush drove me crazy, and I just wanted to be with him. That’s when I woke up as a girl! Quickly, with my knowledge of what he likes, we started dating and I couldn’t be happier
I wanna swap into bitches ik hmu and help me out
Sun bathing inside home
The butt-plug was to absorb your maleness and exude enough female hormones to completely turn you into a woman. You told me once the gem turns from white to blue the transition was finished. “Well? Is it done yet?”
I signed up for some experiment in order to earn some money. The advertisement said something weird about a mind transfer? This morning I got a strange message. "Looks like we're paired for the experiment. Can't wait to get rid of this chubby old body LOL. Tell me everything about you! Who I'll be!"
We've always been a close-knit family, bonds that were unfortunately broken when the Great Shift landed my dad and brother continents away. Even after we got them back to the US, they still felt like outsiders. There was a way they could be one family again, but it required me, beer and nine months
I wanna swap into bitches ik hmu and help me out
You've been a supportive when your older brother became your little sister, he's grown to feel comfortable in his new body. You just wish he'd cover up a little more when hanging around the house. Every time you point it out he laughs and teases you, but doesn't stop. It's getting to be too much.
"Yes baby, come to me." You worked at a secret government research facility where I was a subject. They say I change you after being alone with me, and you're about to find out why
M4A - I caught you cheating on your girlfriend, and told you the only way I'd keep it quiet was if you possessed your girlfriend's body and did whatever I asked for a day
some weird storm in my town caused people to swap with others around them and since swapping with my little sister none of my old clothes feel right, does this look good?
your mom had swapped our bodies, saying she never gets to know you like a friend. What choice do I have but to agree and pretend to be her. "but only a couple days" I say hoping she'll swap back then. "So where's Tyler at?"
It's the long foretold day of the shift, and i swap with the girl i suspended from school last week. This is so annoying! There were so many opportunities and I get landed with this dumb flunkie!
Something went terribly wrong! I was curious about the metaverse so I thought I would try it out. I chose my avatar and everything went well. It was kind of fun, but as soon as I took off my VR headset I saw that I still looked like my avatar! Please help! (RP)
Now that i'd finally had the power of the remote, I could punish all those who wronged me, starting with my 'Best Friend.' Last year at prom he ditched me, cause I didn't have a date, and he planned to do the same this year. But with the reality shifting remote, he'd make a great date for me. (Rp)
M4A - You didn't like that the new girl I was dating kept coming over to our apartment, not letting you use the living room because we were always watching Netflix. One morning I see her playing games, little did I know that you had possessed her to claim back your territory
The flesh-crafter was an expensive venture, after all each body had to be unique which was a hard thing to achieve. You brought me along to make sure everything was on the level; but it was weird enough seeing your body change from male to female.
I’ve always hated my sister in-law. Ever since my brother got with her she never lets him spend time with me. So when I found out they were going on vacation, I figured it would be the perfect time for me to posses her body. My brother is getting a little touchy…. I don’t mind it though 😏
The Great Shift messed a lot of things up for a lot of people. Here I am, in your boss' body. She was always terrible to you, and now I know it's because she was so sexually frustrated!
You were a middle-aged full time hopper- people hired you for all sorts of daily things. For example, this girl hired you to do her driving test… now, you’re the one in the driving seat of her body. “I’m guessing the dress was necessary for the test?” I ask after you picked me up.
I made fun of my sister and swapped my body with hers and I'm starting to freak out "Give my body back!" (Rp)
You were my old, rich, neighbor- you never left the house but a constant stream of young women would come and go. Little did I know that you had a massive collection of skinsuits that you’d wear to go out. Which one do I bump into out in the hallway? “Hey…”
(M4A) I'd gulp nervously as I snapped my fingers, ending the hypnosis~ I could feel my heart beating faster at the sight of you examining your surroundings, a look of confusion on your face regarding what you had been doing for the past hour... I'd hold my hand out before you, "Paw~" I'd command~
Playing in the public restroom at work [F]
My wife was so nervous about my step daughter going on spring break. Her paranoia got to the point that she used sketchy sources to use magic and swap out bodies. The problem? She doesn’t even remember she did it! The spell made everyone but me forget! I’m heading home and trying to explain!
You recently got the ability to morph peoples bodies into whatever you want and you see me your child hood bully at a pool so you turn me into your idea woman you whisper in my ear “I suggest you obey me otherwise you will be on the street now get in the car babe I’m taking you home”
It was my first time at a con and I’d been super excited to look around but as I walked through a strange wave of shivers hit me everything seemed to shift a bit oh well all seemed the same to me. I was unaware of the changes to my body or to the world around me as I continued down the con floor
"Look, just take it easy on my body and it's all yours okay?"
Real life anime.
Alley Quickie
(M4FB/MtF) "Come on dude, I have tits now~ This is totally straight!" You'd exclaim, trying to persuade your best friend to join you on the bed~ You've always had a crush on him, but you knew he was straight... Left with no other option, you decided to transition into the girl of his dreams~
Every since my second puberty, I had had urges, whenever my father looked at me, I just want to be his~ I want to beg for him to knock me up!
The moment I felt the brown out hit, I knew I was fucked. I was beta testing a DVRMMORPG and everything was a OK but now I can't log out. help (rp)
My friend is a cuck but he’s too afraid to tell his girlfriend. So he came to me with a proposal, he’d pay me $50 an hour to use a shapeshifting spell to become her and cuck him….I couldn’t say no! “Just about to get started cucky xoxo!”
"Dude that protein powder has definitely been helping my legs. But it seems like there's other side effects. you sure this will get me buff for the chicks?" I send you a video after a workout
My house was broken into, nothing was taken apart from my collection of SkinSuits- worth a fortune. I thought they would be sold on but I saw one of them out in public- you’d ruined her and you were inside. “What do you think you’re doing, what have you done to her?” I ask, grabbing your arm.
My friend was making fun of me for liking the hot Alt Starbucks Barista. If he really wanted to keep it up, why not make him understand. With alittle bit of my reality altering powers, making him the new clumsy, hot Alt Starbucks hire would be easy. I think they're using his milk in the drinks (Rp)
“I promise I won’t do anything bad….well anything illegal at least” I giggled before hanging up the phone. When my neighbours botched spell landed me in his wife’s body I didn’t hesitate to bolt out of the door and drive far far away….they can’t turn me back if they can’t find me!
Just like if you add too much baking soda to a cake it can rise too much. If you add too much lavender to a sex change potion, you may end up with a hyper-feminine body. Which it's not a bad thing, but side effects may include: lactation, multiple involuntary orgasms, nymphomania, even histeria!
Com-Bin-Her - Part Two
I was the class nerd and was top of the class in everything. Keisha however, was at the bottom of class and was in danger of failing. She agreed to cover my college fees. We also swapped bodies as I have to attend her classes for her. Here I am jerking her off as I finish her assignment…(RP Wanted)
Nobody Needs to Know
“Just do not use any of my sister’s stuff” I said when you wanted to take a quick shower. My sister hated when other people used her stuff: said they would be sorry if anyone did. I knew she was vengeful so I took the threat seriously: when your chest started to expand you realise you should of too.
You told me about your big plans at some sort of swap convention at the end of the day. I wasn't sure what to expect Monday morning but was pleasantly surprised by my nee office mate.
Slime-like creatures invaded the local beach, causing it to close for spring break. That didn’t stop people like Ashlee from going though, now her body is the host for one of these creatures. It looks like the slime is using her body to lure in human males for breeding.
“Are you fucking kidding me Ryan? I know you did this. It’s me Nathan! You called me last night talking about a magic remote that can change peoples’ bodies and I wake up like this? Drop the act, you prick.” (RP)
I took a solo trip for spring break to clear my head from school. I booked an AirBnB in the coastal city I was visiting, though it had strange reviews. Only 1 or 5 stars. all the 1 stars warning not to go for a swim? What's the worst that could happen...
My little sister loves watching stupid Netflix shows so for a prank I cancelled the subscription! Soon after she came into my room and changed some spell and now she can't stop laughing and I'm suddenly shorter...? (RP?)
There was no denying the intercepted missives. Princess Ariana intended to betray my son once wedded to him. But my kingdom desperately needed the marital alliance. Once I had her imprisoned, the royal physician went to work on me. My body aches from his arts, but I make quite the likeness of her
Our girlfriends were best friends, with the four of us making a weekend trip to the beach. Our girlfriends were the first to touch their feet onto the sand, all of a sudden passing out. We hurry but pass out when we touch the sand too. When we wake, our girlfriends are swapped and so are we?!
After my mom passed Dad was in a depressed stupor. On a whim I took him to a “magic geyser” that could allegedly renew the spirt. When it’s vapors hit us we both transformed into beautiful young woman, who are sisters in the new reality! It’s so nice to see my sister smile again.
I was already getting close to losing my full ride scholarship to an Ivy League University. My parents had a last ditch effort they put me through the swap clinic and now I'm going to an all girls college. how do I look for my first day (RP/AmA)
I have to hurry before she’s conscious again. I was a slime, inside this house’s water system. I came out of the faucet when this hottie was showering. When she slipped and fell on my slippery body, I took the chance to get inside her and enjoy her body. And she’ll never know what even happened
Advances in cosmetic science mean things like anatomy and skin tone need no longer be limited by the human default, but take-up has been sluggish among the general public. Father is a respected surgeon, though he's begun to work on himself, turning himself into a poster child for the new techniques
I wanna swap into my sister so I could go around town jerking off all the boys with big dicks with my huge tits
On our family’s trip to exchange island I unfortunately got my mums body. I kept trying to relax but my Dad kept pestering me saying it felt like cheating if he used his new equipment on anyone but his wife. Reluctantly I let him hoping he’d leave me alone but I feel like this is just the beginning.
XXX
My buddy needed a wedding date and I happened to owe him a favor. So I begrudgingly said yes and took a swap pill. After drinking a lot we went back to our room and he came down my throat. The rule was he couldn’t cum in me if we did it because this would make it permanent
"Don't worry, I don't care that you are a virgin. I'll take care of everything," I was abhorred by the words coming out of my mouth but I couldn't stop them. When my wife discovered my plan to buy our son a prostitute on his 21st birthday she was livid. Her punishment was making ME the prostitute...
My mom loved to prank me every so often... this time she turned me into a girl! It’s so not fair! Even worse is she’s inviting my best friend over so he can laugh at me too. This is so not cool! (RP)
body swappers love spring break. Drunk &amp; horny college college kids never realize what happens until they sober up. Need evidence? My girlfriend is fondling me and snapping a pic, neither of us realized our bodies were long gone and leave us trapped other people. Body Swappers love spring break.
“Could you just go away?” I sigh, blocking the door to my room. “I already told you, I don’t want to leave the apartment like this.” I’d been hiding away ever since the Great Shift, and you were starting to get worried. I can’t just coop myself up forever, right? Maybe I need an intervention…
I hadn't been planning on doing anything tonight, but something happened. by some unexplainable freak accident I suddenly found myself in the body of this strange 19 year old girl. I didn't know how it happened but it was clear she was planning on going out tonight, might as well do it for her (RP)
This is what my girlfriend Serina said just before, and her pants posted just after, she voluntarily permaswapped with them. Now, I won't lie, I did find it a little odd at first, but now, I REALLY enjoy "Serina's" company...especially with how she handles herself in bed, haha. [AMA]
Open Wide
who wants to play a body swap rp to the rick and morty series. More then via dm
Regret. That’s all I could think as I put on the only clean clothes she had. I had rushed to my old home when I heard my ex-wife was being taken away. Turns out it was just a ruse. She planned to use a necklace to steal my bod. Well, my step daughter’s. Trap me in her body. And put Chloe in mine.
Wishing to be a southern belle wasn't a bad move. You probably should've specified you wanted to be one who isn't almost totally helpless though. (RP)
Mom... what's going on? Why am I a woman and why does everyone remember me as one? And when was I dating Brad?
Amazing Hot Foursome With Two Super Sexy Teens
‘Wait… are you for real? You don’t want THIS body back? I can keep it?’ I looked at you with wide eyes. We met here at the resort and apparently you were done with strict diets and being stared at 24/7. You only had one request, before we would part you wanted to spend one evening with your old body
My sister was my ultimate rival. Already when we were kids we competed for everything and it is no different nowadays. She even started working at the same company using her body to get a higher position than me. After the latest promotion I was done with it and stole her body. Good luck sis, I win.
Never should’ve trusted a male trainer to behave himself w/me. When I reported you 4 perving on me you got pissed and cornered me in the parking lot. I was scared cuz I was no match for your strength. But then somehow when you tried to strip me we swapped bodies! Suddenly ur a lot less intimidating!
You were pretty worried when we got separated at the new Swap Club. I’d been apprehensive about coming, so you weren’t sure how I’d handle being on my own. Turns out there was no need for concern though – when you found me I was tucked away in a corner having the time of my life in my new body!
My buddy and roommate got hit bad by the great shift. He ended up swapping with a chick from the local college. I think he enjoys being a little bit younger but he doesn't like being a woman to much, I was shocked when one day he seemed to embrace it. (RP)
"That depends on whether you mean the 'real' you, or ANY version of 'you', because if it's the latter, then, am I going to enjoy this..." I respond to Bailey, before suddenly switching her with my beloved dog Rover. Of course, she's NOT happy to see "Bailey" in control, but what can she do as a dog?
After getting in a fight with my friend, he got mad and his eyes started to glow. Next thing I know, I’m a thin girl, looking at him, confused(Rp always open)
'We were snooping around in your parents old attic, when we found a strange book, after opening to a random page, your eyes started to glow and suddenly... I was a woman, and staring at you had me entranced. "Babe... maybe we should check out your bedroom instead of the attic?'"
My crush, Grace, never really seemed to notice me. It was almost like I was invisible to her. When I made a wish upon a shooting star for her to finally “notice me”, I woke up the following morning inside of her body. This is not what I had in mind… but hey, I’ll take it, I guess. (Open RP)
So I’ve finally committed on a permanent swap with this chick. I wanted to make sure she ticked all the boxes. So say hi to the new me
As inventor of the world’s first body swap ray I was doing a press tour to promote my new product. It was especially shocking since, with her permission, I borrowed my mom’s body for the interviews! People always get a kick out of that.
They don’t know their daughter is their son. I made a wish, and it changed my life forever. I wanted to see what it would be like to be born a woman. I woke up, and my entire world changed, as well as my body. I get to live my life differently as a girl now, and I can’t wait to experience it
This is the first summer since swap class screwed up... now that I don't have to attend uni I'm really plunging into being a woman! All my friends wanted a pool day... I think I know why, but the truth is... I love showing off my body. "Guys, are we almost done? it's suuuuper hot here!"
Hello, I'm from a organization who we are trying to do a new development, these are the new skinsuits of your favorites celebrities, so please choose the one you want to wear and let us know how does it feel
I was so happy. I was finally moving away from my mom. She's a manipulative Karen and has spent weeks talking like I owe her my life as I took hers away. As I was finally driving away, I was suddenly standing in her room. Looking down I see a woman's body.. her body. What is happening? (RP)
My sister was my ultimate rival. Already when we were kids we competed for everything and it is no different nowadays. She even started working at the same company using her body to get a higher position than me. After the latest promotion I was done with it and stole her body. Good luck sis, I win.
(Open RP) “You know Sis….you should’ve used this body better…if you did, I wouldn’t need to have forced you out of your own body…so if you’ll excuse me, I’ll be on my way to fix your life…hope you can find a body soon.” I spoke to you as you were floating in the air.
Girlfriend applications open 😌 (22M)
“Hey baby!” I giggle seeing you in Mr Peters body. “Chloe did my makeup for me didn’t she do a good job! Oh there she is or should I say he is” I said pointing to my old body who walks over to us and puts a hand on my waist. “Hey beautiful” She smirks at me, “Oh and hi Mr Peters” She added.
Mirror selfies
It’s day 3 of vacation with my dad and we went on a hike today. During the hike he was always playing with my ass. So I decided to let him have his fun, he ended up filling my pussy and now I have a sticky walk back. I would be lying if I said I didn’t enjoy it.
https://t.me/leakheavn
My girlfriend is the best! She knows how much I miss my friends from across the country so she agrees to let them visit me by swapping with her via SwapApp. Of course we keep what we really do on our 'game nights' between us. (RP)
M4A - You told me you thought my new girlfriend was taking too much time away from us gaming together, so you found a way to possess her body...
I had obtained powers I couldn't quite control. I found myself on some influencer's Instagram, fantasizing about her. Suddenly I found myself in her apartment, unaware I had unlocked some incredibly powerful hopping abilities.
Mom, what's going on? Why am I a woman and why am I dating my best friend Brad?
Swap into me and I’ll swap into my sister let’s have a good time
My girlfriend has a twin sister, ever since we met, I’ve begged them for a threesome, we got hit by the gender wave and well…, the threesome wasn’t like how I thought it would be
I hated the loud city life and always being around so many people. I made a wish I lived the quite country life. Little did I know, my wish quickly became reality whether or not I wanted it to. Now I’m naked and…. a girl? What is going on.
A witch offered you to give you the body you always dreamed about. The body that fits your personality the best and one that will grant you eternal happiness. You pass out after the wish and wake up in a new body, but this wasn't what you expected....
Hey there, I'm Valeria, a model who recently switched lives with her pet, and while I do sometimes miss being human, my new owner's, ahem, "movements," make it all worth it. I mean, just look at those hips and stomach! Anyways, please do ask her or I any questions you might have, by the way.
In the future, we're are all female: penises are extinct! The shrinking of the Y-chromosome caused selection pressure towards men to develop like hot women. All humans are born with vulvas (a clitoris, a urethra and a vagina), except men have a barren womb and internal testes instead of ovaries [RP]
I had signed up for swap class. this year the theme was gender swaps. I couldn't wait to see who I would be paired up with. (rp wanted)
My coworker and I have a deal going on. We would hop into every Karen that comes in before the end of our shift and them back for their shitty attitude. This time it was my turn to be the Karen
Opinions on the Monthly Contests?
Body swap with my mom
hey. i was your roommate when you found a spell book to turn me into your dream girl. once the spell was done i coulnd rember my old life what evet i tried. and now i start to like you handsome
My little sister just started freshman year at college but was having trouble adjusting, she asked me to swap bodies with her roommate to help her make some friends, but now she doesn’t leave her room because she’s sucking on my tits all day
When I got home from work early I found a gorgeous girl checking her out in my bathroom... My roommate had taken an X-Change pill for fun and hadn't expected me home yet! (RP)
I had an inkling that my daughter's friend had a thing for me, but the FOSE confirmed it. I found myself, fingers buried deep, in her body when the event happened. I wanted to report the swap but she had other plans. She made it clear if I told anyone she'd lie and play the victim... (RP/Comments)
my dad owed some people money so he gave me a xchange pill and sold me off to a bikie gang so I could work off his debts at the bar (rp wanted)
oops u spooked me !!! [f21]
I can’t figure out why, but my YouTube channel has blown up since the Great Shift! Nothing about my content has changed, maybe people are just spending more time inside? Or I just finally hit my stride? Oh well, no time to overthink it – I’ve got to take some shots for my new thumbnail!
Body Swap and Possession Discord Server
Body Swap and Possession Discord Server
This was my first time using the swap port and I really didn’t know what I was doing. I just picked the cheapest option which turned out to be a random body who clearly didn’t tell her boyfriend she signed up based on the look on his face as he caught me exploring!
“Hey, guys! Can I play too?” the fose had a bad timing as right then I was fucking my girlfriend, and swapped bodies. Since then, she seemed to get more along with my friends, and I’ve started to feel left out.(Rp always open)
“Yeah yeah I’ve got it don’t worry dude he totally has no idea….you just make sure the camera is point at us when I transform back he is totally going to freak out!” I smirk before strutting over to you. “Why hello handsome” I smile biting my lip as you check my temporary form out.
After my bride to be said she didn't want to invite my friend to the wedding because he's to much if a troublemaker I told him to read the possession spell and posses one of my groomsman. That is when my wife looked at me strangely and then looked down at her. My friend isn't good flying as a spirit
“That you” You asked laughing as I found myself with your cock up my ass. “Yes it did asshole! You could have warned me I thought we were saving this for later” I giggled. Me and your girlfriend regularly switched bodies I guess this time you wanted to prank me…well I’ll remember it for next time!
“Please fuck me, but don’t take the XChange plug out” I tell you presenting my offer. “The XChange formula in this is about out and I want this pussy pounded before I go back to being male”…
I saw an ad for what seemed like the easiest job ever! I was flown out to a facility and had a few injections. They’re paying me just to monitor me! Awesome right? Well no… because I’ve noticed I’m getting smaller… and my body curvier… I think… I’m turning into a woman. (RP)
My family sent me to some camp so I wouldn’t be partying all spring break. I thought it would be boring. But I would something in the woods, a unique mushroom, and I found out it let me possess any one here! Now that I’m the cute counselor, I think this break is going to be fun
"Okay, you can stop acting. Ha, ha. Fun prank. Now change me back," when you found that weird remote you used it to change me into a hot blonde. But when you used the 'Change Reality' button, you didn't realize it would make you forget. So now everyone, except me, only remembers me as a girl...
My newlywed wife and I went to Las Vegas for our honeymoon. what should have been the start of our new lives quickly changed. She went out for some air, but now I found her in a casino as a high-end escort! it seems someone took over her body...(rp)
You were watching your favourite pornstar, Mia Malkova. Stroking away, wishing it was you in the porn, getting so close to cumming when BOOM! Your whole world shifted! When you opened your eyes again…something was different…wait you weren’t you anymore…you had been swapped with Mia!!!!
Wow I can’t believe the local librarian was hiding all this under her frumpy clothes. I only learned this after she caused us to swap during the FOSE. Any horror about my fate melted away after I undressed for the first time. As new head librarian my first action is to get some sexier outfits!
type a describtion of your dream body. mabye it comes true mabye it becomes a nightmare
I had no luck dating as a guy. My cousin, a witch, offered to help me by making me more "desirable." Then she cast a spell that turned me into a girl! The bustiest girl in the family, in fact. It wasn't the kind of help I wanted, but it worked. Now she's going to be the maid of honor at my wedding!
It’s been weeks since I’ve been stranded in a magical forest, after a plane crash, and ended up eating the wrong mushroom, and changed into a woman. I can see some flashlights in the near distance. Who could it be? Is it the rescuers? (Rp always open)
How many backshots can you give me?
She looks like BoutineLA model
My sister discovered she had body manipulating abilities. She, curiously, made a massive cock sprout on herself, and deeply desired to test it. She barged into my room, turning me into a cock hungry slut, and made me pleasure her. I just hope she changes me back before our parents get home...
I slithered into my best friends crush to fuck with him and just sent this video to him with the caption “Watchu up to?”
Due to an uneven number and that the teacher had heart problems, the janitor joined swap class, causing some horror to the girls because he was known for being a pervert. Vicky was the unlucky girl who swapped with him and as he used her body with his friends to have all kind of lewd acts.
Mom and Girlfriend April Fools Bodyswap Incest RP
After catfishing as YouTuber Sssniperwolf, taking peoples money. Karma caught up to me and turned me into Sssniperwolf. Dirty thoughts came rushing in as I posted something new on insta.
To those participating in the April Spring Break Contest, the flair is on the bottom
I mysteriously got swapped from my body and into your mother’s. My eyes widen as i look back to see your father staring at my new naked back. He had a device that caused me swapped. Not knowing he actually had a thing for me. “W-what happened?” I asked with my new voice. (Rp)
I made a wish I could get back together with my ex-boyfriend, but the next morning I found myself in the body of his current, bimbo girlfriend! I'm not sure what to do...
This is totes bad. I wanted to enter a cosplay convention but only girls were allowed in. I decided to get a skinsuit made modeled after my ex girlfriend she was too dumb ti notice me doing it. But now I can't get out and my head hurts. Wait did I just think totes? This is bad.
My sister was my ultimate rival. Already when we were kids we competed for everything and it is no different nowadays. She even started working at the same company using her body to get a higher position. After the latest promotion I was done with it and stole her body. Good luck sis.
“You are seriously going to go this far and pussy out, come on I’m yours for the taking!” I teased my Mum from my girlfriends body as she stood over me my dick in her hands. When my Dad’s swap machine broke we all switched. Hearing my gf go at my Dad caused me to need some action too!
Will you play with my pussy like this?
My mum grounded me for smoking pot, so when my sister went clubing, I used a medallion I found to swap us. I was having a great time at the club, but my drink tasted funny and I don't remember anything after that. I cant move, see, or talk, where am I? (rp below)
When my friend told me he was a body hopper I brushed him off, it sounded crazy! He said he'd prove it. Later I got a text from my sister with this pic and the message: "It's me! I told you I could hop bodies. You should have told me your sister was so hot, I would have shown you sooner!"
When my friend told me he was a body hopper I brushed him off, it sounded crazy! He said he'd prove it. Later I got a text from my sister with this pic and the message: "It's me! I told you I could hop bodies. You should have told me your sister was so hot, I would have shown you sooner!"
With her spats on
Can someone be a slutty madison beer for me
I laughed at my lesbian friend. Telling we she'd never fuck as good as me with that fake cock of hers. I don't know she was going to take it to heart. The next night I woke up in her girlfriends body with her standing over me, strapped up
Me and my girlfrien were at home and everything was normal until she began to shake like crazy. Soon she finally stopped but she was looking at her body and our house like she had never seen them before. She ran to the to find a piece of paper and put a nametag on that said Steven on her chest. (RP)
Swapping with my teacher is going to be fun, she’s wearing vibrating panties… although I’ve yet to find the remote…
My friend made the mistake of upsetting a witch, who said she’d forgive her if she tested her new potion with someone. Unluckily for me, it was a body swap potion, and my friend decided to spike my drink… [RP in DM]
my gf caught me cheating so you drug with a xchange pill and ship me off to a small island where I become one of the kings new pet (rp wanted)
"No, no! Please don't hang up!!" But it was too late. I booked a month long stay at the Swap Resort. I had purchased the "Handsome Stud" package but my order was mixed up with someone else's! instead I was given the "Trapped as a Horny Escourt" package... and no one will believe me!
I was an organ donor and involved in a terrible car crash. Turns out your brain is also an organ and they took mine and put it in this pregnant woman's body! Now I have to pretend to be her and the baby is due any day now! I can't be a mother, there has to be something you can do doc!
Grandpa Rick is unavailable, but unfortunately mom and I switched bodies. at first I thought it would be cool to drink alcohol, but it quickly got weird when we were sitting in the living room together and we both drank too much. (search rp! in dm)
All natural mom of 3 here (45f)
Pretty Pair
Mom and Dad gave me an ultimatum, get 20 or better on my ACT, and they will pay for my college, even if I get into my dream college Princeton, fail and they'll take me to the swap clinic and I'll have to work my way through college. guess what happened? (ama/rp)
My friend always desired attention over anything else. So of course he wanted me to put him on my shoulders at the concert, but there was no way I could lift a man. But with alittle bit of magic, it was rather easy to lift my now band groupie friend. She got lots of attention. (Rp)
(OC) I hope you find me adorable.. In a "fuck me like a slut" kinda way
My ex wife was completely insane. When she heard about the FOSE, she came up with this scheme. She got her daughter to wank to me. Now, she’s pretending to be me, and her mother won’t report the swap. Now, no one believes me because they just act like nothing’s wrong.I can’t stay with her any longer
M4A - The janitor at my work was always an asshole, so I started putting x-change pills in his coffee... Now we're going on a date tonight
Where are the full fledged stories?
Anyone know to find body swap / possession / body hopping literature?
M4A- I was suffering from constant erections and nothing was working, so you decided to take the body of the hottest nurse in the hospital to try a new approach
I have no idea who this woman is but she came to my door in a panic claiming she was my best friend and how this lady stole his body because he checked her out. I'm not sure I buy it but she is pretty cute so I'll let her in. (RP)
“We have about three hours until she wakes up” I explain to my girlfriends dad. I had a bit of a crush on my girlfriends Dad ever since I first saw him but I knew he’d never liked me since well I was a dude, but when I swapped with his wife promising things she’d never do…he couldn’t say no!
Anyone interested in talking about ftm swaps? 21F
“So I’ve done a little remodelling, your girlfriend is getting a lot of compensation for all of this. She’s currently in the Maldives having a great time!” I explain from your girlfriend gothified body. “But if you want some compensation too I’d be happy to oblige” I wink pulling down my top.
(ApF) You'd comfort your husband as he failed to get hard. You used to be frustrated at his ED, but ever since you purchased a high end VR set up, You've been getting all the dick you could ever want in scenarios you handcrafted~ You'd wait for him to fall asleep before sliding the headset on~
While at my grandma's she asked me if I wanted to swap for the summer. I said sure and it felt pretty nice to be in her body. Not only that but whenever she looks at herself she gets a boner and I'm starting to become curious about her body. Looks like we have a way to solve both of our wants. (RP)
I had been helping vaccinate people for Covid-19, but I had ulterior motives. A secret swap injection, which would swap my body with whoer was injected with it. I had been waiting to use it, but when my colleague Akiyaa came for her booster, I knew it was time. "Told you it'd work" I text you (RP)
Wow
Nervous Wreck
The instructions on the potion was simple enough: every time I achieved orgasm I would get younger while it was in my system. I have already lost half my age, and yet my libido is still on the rise. Hopefully the potion wears off soon.
I am a swap trainer and yesterday I was just doing my regular home work out for a client when her girlfriend burst in shouting surprise. Without being able to even react she had taken me out to the car and off we were on a surprise vacation, looks like I’m spending a week in paris!
SwapShop is hosting a giveaway! This fine body will be given away to one lucky customer. To enter, simply comment a number between 1 and 100!
“What do you mean you lost the ring!? How can I turn back now?” I growled at you during our dinner. “And why did you tell me this now, at the restaurant?” I kept my voice down(Rp always open)
I stupidly bet a night with my wife on the football game with my mate, of course his team won too! I had to go tell Kiera the bad news and she was so pissed off that she swapped our bodies and made me honour my bet myself while she sat and watched!
"What do you mean it's not appropriate? You're wearing a speedo! This is Europe, Susan. Female nipples are not offensive here. Your massive erection, on the other hand, is!" I chuckled. Let's just say my wife and I had a vigorous clapping session by the bushes before we could go on our morning run.
Madison beer turns me on anyone wants to get fucked as her
"Susan, answer me! The spell you used didn't work," I text my wife. She was a witch, literally. She said she was going to use a possession spell so I could see what our son was doing but look at me! But the reason she wasn't answering is the spell DID work... she was now in HIS body... (RP)
(M4ApTF) "Dude, I could play with these things for hours~" Your roommate would coo as he began to massage your perfect, brand new tits~ You had just undergone top surgery and he seemed to love every inch of your new body. Fortunatley for him, you were more than down to indulge his desires~
“Let’s make a deal” was the last thing I heard. I had been trying to break into this lady’s house. I got locked in her fancy autocloset. The gizmo wouldn’t release me, but she said if I ran her errands for a week it would be fine. I woke up in her bed like this and my stuff’s all gone. Where is she?
My boss unfairly fired me last week so as revenge I used an astral projection spell to possess her, but missed the target and ended up in the body of her horny stepdaughter. When I possessed her my boss came into her room with only a sexy pink underwear! maybe I can take advantage of this~
Night after night, I was stuck in the same situation. After a one night stand with a witch's sister I was cursed to pleasure as many men as I had ghosted women as a man. Though I felt like I had been living this life for an eternity, I don't think I even knew this many people as a man!
My best friend (red) was hosting a big party with all of her friends. But I was the only guy she had invited. Her friends didn't want me over, for a girls night, so to get me in she revealed gave me a pill but didn't say what it did. So there I am in the striped shirt, pretending to be her cousin.
"We could get this, seems fun right?" Ever since the great shift swapped me into a womans body, I've still been hanging out with my old friends... I've just also been a little more flirty than usual... it's a shame none of them get it! "Fine, fine I'll put it back, you boring nerds..."
Happy Titty Tuesday
I almost gave up on life when I forcefully hopped the gender fence because of the great shift. When I was at my lowest you picked me back up and boosted my confidence until I started to see the benefits of this situation. To say thank you I organised a dinner at your favourite restaurant.
“Gawh! Fuck!? What…?” I tumble to my ass in heels as the phone I found myself clutching received a flurry of messages. Last thing I remember was taking a tarp off the new auction mirror. Then…how long?…wait…that’s not me!?
(FUTA4F) You couldn't help but roll your eyes as your roommate asked you out~ It was an easy rejection, you were a lesbian after all... But you have been feeling a little pent up recently... While jilling to some porn, you'd see an ad showcasing a high-end vr rig, and an idea would enter your mind~
(M4A) "Hmm? Why am I a four armed girl? Elden ring slapped, and I like Ranni's aesthetic... So I made an android body based on her for myself and transfered my mind into it~" You'd explain to your roommate as he stared, awestruck at the current situation~
M4F - I said you could live in my apartment, under two conditions, you have to possess the body of my hot neighbour and you have to act like my doting girlfriend
They say black women have it the hardest…
My ex had to get rid of me because I knew to many of her secrets. She decided to change reality and make me her little sister. She laughed as she looked down at me. “Don’t be sad sis this life will treat you better now be a good girl and go see your boyfriend who’s waiting for you in his car.”
While on gamechat I ran into one of those youtubers who pretends to be a girl. I got pretty annoyed to find out he was trolling. So, alittle special link was enough to change that up. Recieving this image in our messages would mean it definitely worked. (Rp)
Dude, what the hell are you still doing at the office? It’s spring break! Grab a body and meet us on the beach! And if you don’t want to swim, just swing by the hotel later! We’ll show you that, in these bodies, there are PLENTY of ways to have a good time ;)
I didn’t think this was even possible a few days ago… but when I owed you a favour you eventually cashed it in by making me go on a date with you… and it turns out you can use magic and made me a girl. Sounds like you’re going to pick me up. (RP)
Me and my friend were on our last legs at the care home until he stumbled across some stone his nephew bought him, apparently it can swap bodies. With nothing to loose we chose our victims,our nurses! Here we are celebrating our new lives as our old ones get taken off life support watching!
I’m your loser friend who asked you for some help in the gym. You said you were gonna help me but you had other plans. That prework out shake you gave me is filled with xchange powder. I’m Slowly tuning into her
Me and my family went on a swap cruise but in all the mix up we got separated. Ive spent the first day searching for everyone and I was starting to give up hope into my own daughter started hitting on me! Apparently she swapped with the captain and hes running around in her body looking like a slut!
You couldn't help but laugh when you saw your ex boyfriend bouncing on your brother's cock. The pair had no idea you were home, and thanks to that potion you slipped into his drink when you broke up, he was now a cute petite slut who's been secretly hooking up with your brother. (SEND A CHAT TO RP)
Pretend to be a girl for me. I'll believe you. (22M)
Um, no caption necessary? Found this on a tiktok reddit, seems like our influence is spreading 😄
After me and my friend’s girlfriend died in an accident while going to his football match, I suddenly woke up, alone, in the cemetery and the wrong body. I tried leaving so many times, but this body can’t pass through the gates.(Rp always open)
Com-Bin-Her - Part One
My roommate left with his girlfriend every weekend, leaving me alone to take an a change pill. However, he came back early, after breaking up with his girlfriend and saw me playing with my pussy and wanted to show me how cock really feels.
“Hey handsome” I smiled, after the local shift chaos ensued in our small town. I landed in my buddies girlfriend and unfortunately the real Marie died in a car accident. My unshifted friend was inconsolable so I did the only thing I saw fit to do and assumed my role as her replacement.
“Serious dude?! Why you make me into Asian girl??” I ask in broken english. You had a crush on the exchange student and decide to swap me into their body to get closer to them!
What’s going on with me? (Male possessed by Female story/RP)
I keep getting weird texts from my English professor, I think something’s wrong. She keeps saying how we’re mean’t to be… but I will say… at least she’s annoying me and not that weird girl that was stalking me. (RP)
Sladki Slivki Is A Legend
Found The Perfect Female Specimen
The look in her eyes said it all. I was once this girls teacher, she was the head cheerleader. She was a brat, and I was fed up with her. So I figured to give her an adults experience by switching our ages and changing her body up abit. Of course I had to pose as her son to not cause chaos. (Rp)
Turns out… I accidentally made a goddess happy and in doing so, she gave me a weird gift… now every oddly attractive shy girl, like your local barista, Librarian, ETC, are… into me? They all seem to think I’m their boyfriend whenever they see me. So… what happens next? (RP)
My friend won tickets to a circus and invited me to go. The first act was the most beautiful women ever and As she walked into the centre I Verbally said wow and I’m pretty sure the weird guy next to me heard me and the next thing I know is I’m in her body with fire in my face.“WTF do I do” (RP/AMA)
Swap Trainers were a well known craze- putting personal trainers in a customers body to get them fit. I’d bought some vouchers for my girlfriend. Little did I know, that you one of the trainers, never planned on leaving. “You definitely look the part” I say, walking in on you.
“Dude take that gross thing out” I yell, I have a rare disease that switches my gender after I cum, my roommate discovered this and started messing with me, last night he shoved this thing up my butt
Swapping with my teacher is going to be fun… she’s wearing vibrating panties… but I can’t find the remote…
“No, I couldn’t see them! They took me from behind!” As I was beaten to death in a dark alley, one of my attackers thought it would be funny to push a xchange pill down my throat, and leave me there. I can’t even describe them since I haven’t seen them(Rp always open)
You were a jealous Ex of mine, biding your time and practicing possession spells you’d found on the dark web… until you found one that worked. Now, while I was away on a holiday in my new relationship, you used the spell you’d been practicing- taking my new girlfriend over.
When I was found cheating on my midterms, the other guys in my frat ruled that my punishment should last over spring break. They used an old spell book to have me swap bodies with the plump house mom. Jokes on them though, I much enjoy being a poolside cougar than playing beer pong every night.
I woke up, sliding back in my bed in shock as I saw my body. Without any rhyme or reason I had woken up in this woman's body, no recollection of the night before, or even where I was. this wasn't good, not at all!
My friend had been possessing my mom so we can hang out more often. This started off as simple as can be. However, he started making jokes about making it permanent. The other day he even made a joke about calling him Mommy. What the hell is he thinking? And why aren't I more opposed to it?
Gorgeous Naturals Drop
My wife called when I was away to warn me that our sons were exposed to xchange gas at college and were sent home until the campus was safe. I get home and see them. “Hey guys, sorry about everything. Do they know if it will wear off? Do you want to go fishing or to the beach of something?” (RP)
“This is all you are getting! I promise Julia that I wouldn’t take advantage of her….I don’t care that she’s your girlfriend, I’m your father and that’s final….you will have to live with this for six more week until swap class is over so get used to it!” I retort quickly covering up my new pussy.
The Great Shift resulted in me being naked with my son’s girlfriends’s hands wrapped around my cock. I thought I had swapped with my son, but turns out she was sleeping around. She did not seem to be affected by the Shift as she smiled up at me, before wrapping her lips around my cock.
(M4MtF) When you first came home after your bottom surgery, your roommate asked if he could use your new pussy to get off. You decided why the hell not, it felt good for you too after all~ A year has passed, you've fully transitioned, and your roommate's been using you as a fleshlight every night~
After my younger sister was diagnosed with a rare disease, I had to work to pay her medical bills, but the money I earned was insufficient. Thanks to a friend of mine, I discovered that using the x-pill I could become a woman and prostitute myself for money
My friends had planned a fun night out at the club for my bday. My best friend told me had one more surprise in store for me but I had no idea what it could be. I hadn't seen him all night. I was wondering where he could be when I felt a tap on my shoulder. "Hey there birthday boy."
Second Puberty is always a challenge. But in my case, it was worse than most. See, I was 42 when it happened. I had a family. Now my wife treats me like her kid, my son can't stop looking at me, and I'm closer in physical age to my daughter than anyone else. (RP)
when my friend offered to swap bodies I thought she was joking so I agreed not knowing that she was planning on stealing my body when my family left for spring break (rp wanted)
When my boyfriend and my dog got swapped by the great shift, I was worried... but here I was, talking to my dog about how I'm sorry... "But he just makes a better boyfriend. He's caring, clingy and... more fun, sorry, puppy."
Well yeah I'll come over for a sleep over.. I mean it's kind of late already but sure. Also when I get there you're going have to tell me who that girl is that you sent that picture of.
a girl at the gym caught me staring at her ass when I woke up the next morning I found myself in her body with a note saying I had to live her life for a week (rp wanted)
how would u use her mouth
I mysteriously got swapped from my body and into your mother’s. My eyes widen as i look back to see your father staring at my new naked back. He had a device that caused me swapped. Not knowing he actually had a thing for me. “W-what happened?” I asked with my new voice.
Dammit this book is useless! For all it’s magical spells there not a single one that can transport me back to Earth and restore my manhood. I guess I really am stuck as a princess in some medieval fantasy hellhole for the rest of my life.
Today I discovered I was a fabled Hopper. While most use their abilities on strangers I decided to take over my mother’s body to test out my powers. It’s been so fun taking naughty pics like this and sending them to my dad. He has no idea what’s gotten into his wife.
“Finally! Where have you been! I’ve been waiting for an hour!”. I always wanted to try playing with your magic remote,but you never let me.I just wanted to try it out, so I ‘borrowed it’ but the remote backfired and changed me.I saw you grin when you saw me, “stop this isn’t funny, please change me”
"Does it look like my new life is hard, dude? It's like... sweet! I know I lost like a lot of smarts or whatever but I'm super cute now! and I still have my games and stuff. It's only another week until my Gender-Flu doesn't spread either! Then I can come see you guys in person!"
My son had complained to us about his new babysitter. He said once we left, she would lock herself away in a room, and he’d hear her screaming and slapping. I bought a new camera, but it was cursed. When I turned it on, I was looking through the eyes of the babysitter as her bf fucked her in my home
"Let's face it, you'll be more useful to our business looking like this ! Just forget whatever you were doing before, I have now better plans matching your... abilities !" After countless remarks, I finally turned you, a certified doctor, into a pure bimbo. Show some respect to your boss now ! (RP)
I’m not in my body! F2M
"So your new body has big fake tits?" my friend asked. "No, dude! This lady's melons are all natural!" I replied. "Nah man! There's no fucking way. Tits at that size it has to be fake!" I had no choice but to prove it to him.
Here are some ideas I have
Doc Ock had been planning on stealing spiderman's body for ages, and he finally had him right where he wanted him, only for his machine to malfunction at the last second, sending his mind halfway across the city. coincidentally landing him in the body of Mary Jane Watson. now he's powerless.
Visitors seem to think Exchange Island is random, not realising there are technicians in the background - often with their own kinks - dictating each and every swap. This father-son pairing is my handiwork. I've swapped the rest of the family to the other side of the island to give them some privacy
I woke up this morning and something was obviously very wrong. I don’t know if this was just me or mass shift around the world but I text my boss. “Hey, I’m not feeling well this morning. I have to call out sick (RP)
I woke up this morning and my dick was gone! Little did I know that someone I knew used a reality changing remote on me and everyone else thinks it normal. “What do I do? I can’t let anyone see me like this! My girlfriend will be pissed.” (RP)
"How the hell does she even walk around with this giant thing?!..." Robin said as he stared back at his new dumptruck ass. Him and Raven had exchanged minds in a magic accident and he was struggling to get used to it. Since the swap, the titans had grown increasingly suspicious... (RP?)
What people don’t realise about swap festivals is that the artists swap too! I went from a 6”2 rapper to a 5”0 festival slut. I was apprehensive about taking this gig but I definitely can have some fun with it. Now I just have to go find the main stage to see…myself perform!
My son didn’t realise that I had to cancel my plans because of a fever so he continued with his plans to host a party. What I didn’t realise was that it was a swap party and at midnight I went from sweating in my bed to being a beautiful young woman! I just hope she stays in my bed….
Hot
Hey girl, just bounce it, bounce it
I hated this. Ever since my body swap powers emerged I can't control it. Sometimes I'll randomly be somewhere else in a random body like today. I'm stuck in my aunt's body suddenly and have to Wait until it wears off. Wait a second why am I in my parents room? Mom's not home. (RP)
Two Busty Girls Deepthroat
We all hated Miss Smith but she was the hottest teacher. When we found it she was taking swap class this semester so many people signed up but I was lucky and got her. On the first day I sat in the middle of the lunch hall with a sign saying, do what you want, imagine my surprise when she showed up!
I have no idea why my aunt didn’t want to go this vacation has been great. Me and her swap a lot so when I woke up as her at the airport with a text explaining everything, I wasn’t exactly shocked. It was a little annoying thought because I cleared this week to grind elden ring!
Due to budget cuts and a lack of teachers, you’ve been drafted into a government program to supply substitute teachers, which has changed your body into one designed to “increase student attention and test scores”.
Are you a fan of creamy pussy?
"Do I still look to much like a guy for you now?" you ask with still your signature Hoodie on
You and I were career criminals- researching for months before pulling off the perfect heist. However, our secret weapon was your possession pills, you’d possessed a bank managers daughter to gain intelligence. “What have you learnt?” I ask the new you.
My friend recently learned how much fun shapeshifting can be. They've been teasing me as different women lately. This is just one of the forms he likes to play with. (DM2RP)
(M4a) can anyone rp as a celebrity for me actually i do have a scenario not sure about it so if you can hmu with ur slutty ideas I’ll appreciate it my kinks are(FEET,anal,to get dominated ect…) no body swap only rp so dm for more info
I ordered a suit to join in on the local yoga class that’s always crawling with milfs. Only the suit doesn’t make me any more flexible on the inside! I think I just dislocated my hip... I hope they don’t figure out it’s me!
My friend was pretty rich, so he'd always brag about something when he came over and it was getting on my nerves. This time he kept bragging about having maids. I was so annoyed about it, maybe its time I hired one. Perhaps a Spanish one, with a big ol accent and some trouble with english. (Rp)
I was matched with my receptionist for my companies swap week out of pure chance. Her family know all about it but are treating me exactly like her and I’m loving it! I wonder if she’ll accept a raise to make this a lot more frequent…plus experience as a CEO would look great on her resume
If you’re friends with a wizard, don’t let him take you to a magic restaurant! I let mine, turns out I ordered something that made me female and he isn’t telling me what to order to reverse it! He just used a spell to make it really cold for some reason too! (RP)
My stepmom and I never been that close. After my father died, we swapped to empathize and bond. I don't know if it's her or her grief, but I'm always so horny! I don't even watch porn anymore. My own ripe Milf body is my turn on. I usually record myself as I masturbate to jill to myself again later.
When I arrived at my friends house him and his wife were sat with smiles, they began by saying they had a offer, I take over for my friends wife and she gets freedom, I immediately accepted and everything went black I awoke with my new husband above me with two words “welcome home” (rp/dm/ama)
I used to be totally oblivious of bad-dragon toys until Julie and I swapped for the weekend. I mean I've seen big dildos in porn, but I used to think that was just a-porn-thing. Julie owned a (small) 10.13" pink vector. I was just flabbergasted by how comfortably easy it went all the way in. So hot!
"Thank you for paying. I reaaally needed some extra support. Promises should always be kept, so..." I said taking my shirt off in Jake's car. When my +18 cousin got transferred to my school, she didn't want to take all the bullying because of her big breasts so we swapped for the first three months
Anyone want an RP? just send a dm.
I was just a kid when I saw a lady in the movie store in the town where she lived, they used her better than me and gave her more attention in the store and I said in a low voice "How I wish I was like her" and... .now I'm like her but not in the way I wanted.
So my father was working on a special device that would allow him to read everyone's mind, but it malfunctioned and everyone in the house, including my aunt who was staying with us, swapped bodies in a disaster. I am my mom, my dad is my aunt, and those two are in our bodies, respectively (rp)
Those tits
Over drinks, my rich friend complained to me: "I just want a sexy, submissive, housewife--but classy. YOU know what I mean, don't you?" "Hell yes," I said. "Good. I thought so," he said, grinning. That's when I realized he'd drugged my drink. Now I greet him like this when he comes home from work.
When one of my distant European cousins reached out offering to do a spring break swap with me, I jumped at the opportunity. After all, the pictures she sent me were incredibly hot. But she neglected to mention that she lives in Finland! How am I supposed to wear a bikini in this weather?!
Oh shes getting railed
25 [F4M] Possess a girl's body and come fuck my man's brains out for me!
I had smacked this goth girls ass as I walk pasted her when I woke up the next morning I wasn't in my room or body their was one note saying I had to experience life in her body for a week (rp wanted)
I made cr33pshots of a stunning bimbo. Anybody wanna swap into her ? KIK KingLVS24
I had owed some people money so they decided to give me a xchange pill and ship me to a small island so I could be the king new play toy (rp wanted)
I sighed. After the divorce, my son lived with my ex. Even at 20, he still obeyed everything she said. She forbid him from seeing me, but he found a loophole... by swapping me into his girlfriend. I agreed because I wanted to hangout with him but this is so damn awkward (RP)
That View
My brother is one of the highest actors in Hollywood for committing himself fully to a role, mind and body, and he doesn't drop character until the DVD commentary. His latest role, as a hooker with a heart of gold, caused controversy for casting a white guy but personally I'm loving his commitment
(F4ApF) "Alright alright alright, you caught me... I'm not entirely human..." I'd admit with a sigh. "What are the odds we could come to some sort of agreement where you keep my little secret?~" I'd open my mouth, letting a long, dexterous tongue slide out, dripping saliva all over the floor~
Realistic body swap
My stepmom was acting strange lately. My dad didn’t seem to notice but I did. I was walking downstairs, after my dad had left, and there she was standing in an outfit which my stepmom would have never worn confirming this was not her! “F*ck I forgot about the kid!” she muttered. Who was in her body?
Cum Selfie
Arriving at Exchange Island, I bizarre found myself swapped into an office, in front of a control panel, a badge saying 'Trainee Swap Technician' on my fine, new tits. I don't know how she botched the controls so bad - a few taps soon swapped her out of my body into a lobster at the tiki restaurant
i was bored at work and scrolling on my phone when I found a app called swap your life. when I opened the app a bright light flashed before my eyes before the app deleted itself now I'm stuck in this college girls body (rp wanted)
Swapping with my daughter's best friend was suppose to only be for a couple weeks. I'd get to see what my daughter is like around her friends and she'd get to see what it's like to be a man. But now I'm listening to my daughter talking about how amazing her 'dad' has been the last two weeks (RP)
When a rumor spread that the most beautiful girl in school was a whore, she wasn't very happy. Even less so to find it was my friend who started it. So when she found out, she decided to get some revenge in the form of making him all the rumors. (Rp)
Due to budget cuts and a lack of new teachers, you’ve found yourself drafted into a government program to provide temporary substitute teachers, which would change your body into one that would “capture students’ attention to increase academic performance and test scores”.
when your best friend bought your mother's body you were furious. it was bad enough that he dumped your dad but what made it worse was how he was acting. he'd go to all your football games to cheer on his old body wearing super slutty outfits. now everyone's calling him a milf. you gotta talk to him
i did magic spell i found online to get a girl i like in my room and got transform to her! what should i do?
My roommate was bragging about all the women he has been. When I heard him with his latest hook-up, I could not take it anymore: I hopped into his body to find out what it was about him the ladies enjoyed. I probably should of checked who he was with, since I found myself under my dominant sister.
I know I should be super pissed at my friends for dosing me with X-Change at our annual barbeque as a prank. Maybe it's the pills making the beer go to my head faster, but I'm actually starting to enjoy myself! I'm definitely tipsy, so the guys better not take advantage of me, lol
“Woah…her body is incredible. Is this me now?” Was what Angie blurted out in front of her friends. Body hoppers showed increased activity during spring break, and it looked like Angie was just another victim. “This is going to be so much fun!”
She is a different breed
When I woke up today in a foreign place, wearing foreign clothes, and in a foreign body, I would’ve screamed. But this guy walked in, and I was basically hypnotized. I couldn’t freak out. I could… only accept this body. So I let him between my legs, and I loved it more than I should’ve.
(M4a) Can someone as madison beer for me pls i need someone that can be really slutty
We were friends, hiking in the woods when we found it this alien energy that gave you the ability to alter reality and made me the only one who remembered. But as you began to go too far, you tired of my protest. Then I saw the blue energy and became a naked girl. “I like you better this way!”
Shifted in a girl mid recording
Dude you won't believe who I got as my Swap Class partner. I got Amy fucking Williams! And boy her tits feel just as good as we fantasized about, so do you wanna come over and feel them yourself?
My girlfriend was a little self-conscious of how pale she was. So for our spring break vacation she asked me to make her a bodysuit. It looks just like her, only with a great tan! It turned out quite well, and I’m contemplating giving it a try myself while she’s not looking...
My brothers girlfriend wanted a girl for her best friend and when we went on vacation as a group of 4 she didn’t miss a beat at turning me into a girl so she could have alone time with my brother to make matters worse she made me a sub who’s kinky af this is going to be a long month
Those Eyes Holy Fuck..
My mom
GoTHICC
Lizzy Caplan groped
Pretend to be a girl for me. I'll believe you. (22M)
My step bro is a dick, he constantly makes fun of me for being a lesbian, so I used a spell to turn him into a girl, put on my pretty rainbow socks and enjoy my strap on
My sister hated being popular but as an aspiring head cheerleader she needed people to like her. This meant she often turned to me for help, helped which mostly consisted of us taking trips to the swap clinic so I can stand in while she stays at home playing video games.
After swapping with Mrs Brown for swap class, I found out she has a huge thing for me Dad. I tried to suppress the feelings but I just couldn’t take it, this past week I’ve been jilling off thinking about him but now I need more. I sent him this photo….hopefully he doesn’t show Mum!
My bully found out about my body swapping powers. He forces me to change so he could use my new petite form for his pleasure. He now comes over ever day and bullies me into it. Funny how he thought this was all his idea.
My best friend booked a couples retreat with his girlfriend but she cancelled because she needed to “study for exams”. He couldn’t go without her so he asked if I could stand in to which I said yes not knowing he meant in her body, a quick trip to the swap clinic and we set off the next day.
Mutual Masturbation
Would you please stop staring? I am trying to eat my pizza. It is not my fault that I didn't find another job after being turned into a chick then being an escort girl.
Elena Koshka
"Here's to my new shitty life..." Mark sighed as he downed another shot at the bar. It had been two days since he was tricked and had his body stolen by a local prostitute and it was only a matter of time before someone recognised his new body... (RP?)
I always joked around with my wife that she belonged in the kitchen. She was fed up with that joke and put a gender change pill in my coffee. I now wear revealing shirts, high skirts and painful heels. I now make her breakfast in high heels. RP
Stunning in every way
It was laundry day. I didn't think it was going to be a big deal walking around naked for a few hours. My roommate disagreed and we got into a big argument. I probably should've been suspicious when he brought me an apology cup of coffee, since he slipped an X-Change pill in there (RP)
(M4m)I’m ready to get gang banged in a gay rp
5 years ago my teacher stole my body because he want to be a woman. I was devastated but i decide to be courageous and i start to take HRT to regain my lost feminity, time passes and i'm very happy of the result, i even accept the dick between my leg, i don't want to remove it. (RP?)
Mystic Mirror- Part 2
(M4a) can someone rp as an f for me?
You had been boasting and bragging all week about your transformation. Being you roommate, I was happy for you, but it was starting to get annoying. You enjoyed it but could sense my frustration. One day you called me into your room. "Do you think this skirt is too high?"
Would you swap and why?
My buddy and I somehow swapped bodies, and weren't able to tell our real identities. He seemed to love being me, and today, when I was at his soccer match, he texted me this. Not only he's fucking my gf, but he managed to seduce his old one! I'm so angry, cuckolded twice!
come on how many photos are you gonna take of me? this is embarrassing I don't want to be in this body." I protest as you snap photos of me.
25f. I want someone to possess her and fuck my man's brains out for me!
Body Perfection
It’s been a month since I became a girl, and not by choice. My mom, who before despised the idea of changing genders, wants to throw a coming out party for me. She dolled me up and invited all my friends and whoever else wanted to come. (Chat for RP)
My brothers girlfriend wanted a girl for her best friend and when we went on vacation as a group of 4 she didn’t miss a beat at turning me into a girl so she could have alone time with my brother to make matters worse she made me a sub who’s kinky af this is going to be a long month
The swapping office is now open again ! Through our member database, well be able to swap you in a life that fits you better ! Tell me a bit more about your physical preferences, or go for a full surprise swap ! (through DM)
My two friends just got done making some kinda reality remote in time for the colleges spring break. As we were going to the gas station my buddy tested out the remote on us and now we are girls in that college! I guess it’s time to celebrate our new lives! (RP anytime)
wish come true
Just Doing My Daily Chores [OC]
"Spring Broken!" It was the start of my Spring Break, when disaster struck. My Mother and Sister went to the Swap Clinic to spend a day in each other's shoes. My brother and his girlfriend vsited to spice up their sex- but something went wrong! Now they and two strange women are trapped in my Mom!
My buddy and I should have known better than to get so deep in debt to the Body Mafia. We just couldn't keep our hands off the merchandise. After a month of experimental drugs, surgeries, and mental conditioning, now WE'RE the merchandise--working off our debt as the Body Mafia's two newest escorts!
When my mother walked in on me during the FOSE I thought my life was over. In one moment I lost my youth and masculinity and I had to assume mom’s identity so no one would know the truth. As I stand here looking at my new form I’m still processing this new reality. How can I make the best of this?
There was something off about your wife ever since you came back from the gala together. She was tripping on her heels, looking down at her cleavage like she was surprised to be a woman... what happened to your wife?
My friend and I were both given drinks with X-Change pills in them by our bullies. We didn't know, and now we're both female. And they're forcing us to.. 'Please' them. (RP?)
let's trade our hot mommy's nudes... don't send fake nudes or not ur mommy's nudes
All over the dc world, heroes and normal people mysteriously swapped bodies. Batman was swapped into the body of Diana. Batman is now on the hunt to find the source of this wave to return himself and others to their bodies. (Rp)
I’m sitting at the bar having a conversation with you and you start changing. “Ummm Max… I think someone might have put something in your drink. You should look at yourself.” (RP)
“I knew that SwapApp voucher I got would come in use- look at me… I’m young again!” I hear my girlfriends voice say excitedly. It was obvious what had happened but she swore she’d deleted that app…
Car blowjob
Sat here in my gf body I realise how strange our family swap-cations are. Me and whoever is in my old body just got done skinny dipping and are now watching whoever my aunt and uncle are having sex on the other side of the lake. It may be strange but I wouldn’t have it any other way!
"Sorry!" I say as your male body morphs into a hot woman. You knew I was struggling to find a date for the company party, and apparently I'd chosen you!
Nicole’s first time on the island and she was excited. She was now on the body of a male but her body didn’t go to another visitor. The island was also corrupt and took hot bodies and offer them to their employees who worked at the island. More a a servant business, her body was now employed.
I went to Saudi Arabia for my honeymoon with my wife. Little did I know, she knew I'd cheated on her, and wanted revenge. I was grabbed, drugged and the next thing I knew I awoke in an unfamiliar location chained up as a woman. They tell me I'm a gift to the sheikh. (rp below)
The body swap pills we took before our date night kicked in earlier than we thought. You couldn’t even wait till we got home to start sucking on my new cock. Did I always look that good giving head? Damn… (RP Wanted)
My brother was really sick so we got him this new medicine that hadn't really been tested on humans yet. The doctor said it could heal him. The good news is he is healthy now the weird news is the major side effect is he changed genders. (RP)
After stealing the bodies of this mom and son, my wife and I love having incestuous sex. Here I am using my new dick to pound his moms pussy. My wife's recently been asking me to fuck her in front of her body's husband, and I think tonights the night!
she spoils him
My friend and I each rented a hotel room for spring break. My friend pulls out a weird looking book that I can’t read. My friend said “I’m going to make this spring break the best one ever!” I hear my friend start saying something. Next thing I know I am a girl as I sit on the railing. (RP Anytime)
My dad swapped bodies with my mom (1st pic), and I swapped bodies with her sister (my aunt)(2nd picture) after a mishap by his machine (rp)
It's only been 2 days since me and my gf swapped bodies with this brother and sister but we've made ourselves at home, my gf got her new body a tattoo, and we've enjoyed the incestuous sex. I can't wait for my gf to swap with the mom and we continue fucking. Mom'll be upset to find herself pregnant
"Yesterday, my dad was working on a new machine and something happened. It swapped my family's bodies. My dad ended up in my mom's body and I ended up in my aunt's!
bras hide a lot
Morning Grope Wife While She Sleeps
Face of Pain #463
I want to bodyswap with my GF for 1 day. Just experience what it feels like
You, my best friend had signed up for the new VR Possession experiment. Once you put on your headset, you could see, taste and feel everything as if it were really you. However, I switched who you were going to become, just as you slipped on the headset.
“How on earth am I supposed to do anything with these goddamn thing?!” I texted you with the image attached. “Ever since I’ve been stuck like this it’s been nothing but miserable. I can’t even work my frustrations out because of the bazookas I have!”
I slowly twirled in front of my stepmother, my new golden locks draping onto my shoulders. I hated this, ever since my dad had left she had decided to turn me from his precious son into her daughter. we had just finished in the salon, and worryingly she had mentioned something about a doctor (RP)
Thank god for the great shift! My short plump girlfriend wound up in the hot lesbian next door while I was unshifted. Going from plump to hot was weird for my girlfriend, but our sex life has never been better, even though the her body's original owner hate how were using it.
I always hated the sand and how I could never see anything with the sun. So I plopped myself down and took a nap. When I began to come to I put my hand infront of my eyes. Must’ve been a great nap because I feel real different now
They were just a mother and daughter... Until the FOSE hit, now that a pair of creeps are inside their bodies they are in some weird incestuous relationship! How wrong is that?! (RP ALWAYS OPEN) (RP as the guys in their bodies at the moment of the swap)
In the near future you are put in the witness protection program and have to inherit a new body. Which do you pick? (RP welcome)
I was getting sorta tired of all my friends saying my mom was a total milf. If was rude and annoying. So on my last straw I snapped. "If you like her so much, be her, prove she's a milf." I said, as my friends body began to rapidly morph. (Rp)
There was this cute, dainty, petite, innocent spanish exchange student at school. Her accent was overwhelmingly hot. But my friend didn't think so. So when she caught him making fun of it, she decided to make him live with it, and he wouldn't be as innocent (Rp)
You had invited your mother to a dinner that you had made yourself, but the strangest thing is that she never came, but it was strange to see that she covered a message from your thug with a photo of your mother that said "Say goodbye to your dear mother" now you're just worried (Rp)
Would anyone be interested in possessing me, then going into a group chat where a guy fucks you and I watch?
Amber walked the beach, shaking her head in disappointment. Today was simply not going how she had planned for it to at all. Without her knowledge, she was being watched by someone with bad intentions.
I was sick of my old life so I took an Permanent x/y change. “Hey I’m Lana nice to meet you! I heard you were looking for a new roommate?”
i was on a hike with my girlfriend but fell and now i can’t seem to find her and i woke up like this? can someone help?
Blancnoir - Fucked Against The Counter
Turkish Delight Morning Blowjob
loli &gt;
You were a professional and super expensive but at this point we were desperate. You, my girlfriends driving instructor would forcefully possess her body to take the test for her- passing by any means necessary. “So… how did it go?” I ask as you pulled up.
What role do you usually prefer to have while RPing a swap story here ?
My step-mom who was quite a bit younger than my dad had been acting strange over the last couple of days. When I came down stairs this morning after my father already left I definitely knew something was up due to her outfit. I even heard her mutter “F*ck, I forgot about the damn kid”.
Your delivery has arrived
My dad started smoking a new brand of cigarettes tinged with X-Change. They didn’t have any of the adverse effects of tobacco... but now he was starting to see some of the adverse effects of the X-Change. He’s hooked, and I think he wants me to try it too!
The best way to get back at my bully would be to take his sisters body, right~ RP
"Yeah at first I wasn't sure but Tisha convinced me," I said putting the white dress. "So you're into cucking?" said the cameraman. "I think I might be a narcissist," Tisha chuckled jerking off in the corner. "I thought we'd jump straight into porn, wait until you try this ass!" Welcome to SwapCam!
At first, I signed up for the monthly issue of X-Change magazine; as a joke. Then I'd find myself jerking off to the gorgeous gorgeous beautiful women on its pages, almost exclusively. Finally, one day, I saw an ad to apply. I sent my info with no expectation. Now, here's me: April's puffiest vag-!
I was interning at the campaign of a local politician. Quickly however they decided the best job for me was to take the place of the candidates daughter for a while. Making sure she wouldn’t create any scandal. All I had to do was act like the perfect daughter. Here we are on the way to a rally!
Cute right? You'd never suspect that I'm actually the most perverted man you've ever met. I guess that's just the magic of skinsuits huh?
My brother learned the hard way why you don't cheat on a witch. She punished him by putting his body into a sex doll, but even that wasn't enough. She put me in his empty body, so he could be fucked by his own dick... and she could still enjoy it... (RP)
“Jesus buddy! I believe it’s you now! Savannah would never be showing off like this for a stranger!” I say back to my buddy that has somehow been swapped into Savannah Bond‘s body. I stare on in disbelief, not really able to comprehend what is happening. But at the same time, happy with this…
My aunt and I were in a car accident and when we woke up in the hospital our bodies had been swapped. Auntie what should we do now? (Just send DM)
You were afraid of what your black bully would do to you tonight at the party so you had swapped into this blonde babe instead
"I am in so much trouble, I'm pretty sure whoever had my body died, dude." I was stuck in swap class for a full two weeks. Two weeks as a tiny girl, with no real way out... it was gonna suck! But it just got worse when she managed to get my body killed! Now I'm stuck as her!
“Why even call it a walk of shame” I thought to myself after having spend the night with a guy I picked up at the club. As I passed the bar of the hotel I still felt some cum dripping into my panties but I felt confident and sexy. Glad I stole this hot body, I’m gonna make a lot more of these walks!
Fuck me from behind until my dick starts dripping.
We all know the concept of the FOSE. It was something that was known to happen in our world. Something that no one thought would happen was having two individuals swapping into the same person at the same time. You and I are trying to relearn walking, but why did we agree on heels? (Chat for RP)
I was the head cheer leader until I somehow swapped bodies with the star varsity quarterback. I've been enjoying making his old body into a girly girl that craves cock meanwhile he has seemed to be busy in my old body. I send him a pic of what I plan to do to all his old football friends. rp wanted
Remote rp send a chat
“I hereby sentence you to life as a trans person, the thing you despise most!” And with that, Hayley, the hottest girl on campus, felt her body reshape. “And let’s make sure you won’t be able to cum the traditional way, just for fun.” a chastity appeared on her newly aquired dick.(Rp always open)
As the world’s resources dried up by the 22nd century more and more people chose to upload multiple minds into single bodies to use as little as possible. I currently share this host body with six other people! We only get one day a week to be in charge but the luxury of being a young woman is nice.
Can someone rp for me as an f dm !
Three months after "accidentally" swapping into my daughter's friend Gabby, and still loving life. I still sometimes lose myself in my beautiful eyes, before snapping out of it and enjoying being a hot college girl!
“God Sabrina let loose a little! Part of swap class is trying to maintain appearances this is just the clothes Amy gave me. You complain that I’m to possessive but as soon as you get a guys body you want me to cover up! This is probably the only time I’ll get to have tits let me enjoy them” I jeer.
“Wait bro wait…I know this body swapping stuff is all fun and games for you but you can’t go out on the red carpet and…oh holy fuck” I said in complete shock as I watched you walk out and do what you wanted regardless of the consequences.
Thin fucker
Perhaps making fun of the young girl with braces wasn't my friends best decision. Well atleast for him, im really enjoying his new young attitude. Though having a highschooler roommate who cant pay rent is annoying. She really a did a number on him, thats for sure(Rp)
Blwjob
Please dominate and controll me as milf i made cr33pshots of KIK KingLVS24
After accidently seeing my neighbour naked wearing weird accessories. I decided to use an old spell my grandmother taught me to have some fun with her. I swapped us and appreciated her body in the mirror I reached to touch myself 'shock', I yelped and 'Shock'. I try to talk or touch myself 'shock'
"Are you so desperate to win that you turn me into a woman? Are you serious?" After I beat you over and over again in darts you decide to make some changes. You say: "if you are so confident, how about you are stuck in that body if I win?" I answer: " deal!!"(open rp, ama, dm always open to rp)
Serious post, not roleplayig: I have been researching the possibility of body swapping with the help of astral projection
You managed to get swapped into a sexy redhead. Being helpless isn't that bad in a body like this especially if you can get some help. (RP)
"Shh, quiet, your dad is finally out" my mom said as she came into my room. Except it wasn't my mom, my gf had swapped bodies with my mom as a April Fools, but they hadn't swapped back yet. My GF had no problem using my moms body to fuck me, even if she teased and berated me about it being incest.
Nica Kolosova
“I knew that SwapApp voucher I got would come in use- look at me… I’m young again!” I hear my girlfriends voice say excitedly. It was obvious what had happened but she swore she’d deleted that app…
I couldn't say anything as my body morphed. My cousin had tied me up and injected me with her dna. She wanted my easy life and I could be the fat slutty cousin now. She told me I would be fine since my new husband or rather daddy as he likes to be called will be home soon to decide what to do. (RP)
"You owe me big time dude... I got Isabelle's body, where exactly did you wanna take her on a date? Somewhere public? Right..." Your bully had been tormenting you about being lesbian for years... so when I told you I could swap bodies, you wanted revenge on her in the best way... dating her.
We rented an Airbnb for spring break. I hadn’t heard from you since we got there. “Hey dude, we’re going to get some dinner and hit the town— holy shit! Sorry. I thought my friend Jake was staying in this room.” I say as I walk into a girly room and see a girl doing her makeup topless. (RP)
“This is incredible! I can’t believe I’m Suzan…” Is what that pervert said from my lips. He somehow switched us around, now he’s doing things like that in my popular body. I would try to stop him, but I’m kinda enjoying the show…
Nicole’s first time on the island and she was excited. She was now on the body of a male but her body didn’t go to another visitor. The island was also corrupt and took hot bodies and offer them to their employees who worked at the island. More a a servant business, her body was now employed.
A few weeks ago my mom had her body stolen by a hooker, the hooker's been ruining my moms reputation around town, drinking, partying, and fucking anyone she wants, now the hooker is making me fuck her. If I don't she'll kick me out, and who knows what she'll do with my moms body if i'm not around!?!
Teen Couple First Porn Video
“Hey…hey! Listen to me when I’m talking to you! I didn’t come here for a new body. Just better feeling eyes, and oh, look at that (haha) I need glasses now. Are you guys going to fix this or what!?” Why did I even bother with the swap clinic. They have the worst customer service
“How? Tell me. How is this supposed to be witness protection? This chick’s room is filled with crystals, cheap instruments, and fucking wheatgrass…oh, and I’m a chick!? I’m weak now. How did you guys even do this!?” Needless to say, I wasn’t happy with my new identity
Looking for witness protection stories
When my brother asked to meet me at the beach house, I figured we might just go surfing or hang out. But it turns out he wanted to show me his brand new bodysuit! “Holy shit bro... y-you’re... a girl?!”
Katie decided to have a spa day with her brother before her wedding, sadly the great shift hit that day, and after running back she found the pervert in her body getting nailed by whatever pervert was in his body.
One year ago me and my brother agreed to swap bodies for a full year. A year without wearing a bra, no make-up, no periods, no guys looking at you and not to worry about cleavage. It was a fun experience but I'm happy to get my own body back today! (AMA, Open RP)
After my mom and girlfriend accidentally swapped bodies on april fools day we've all gotten a bit too comfortable.
After stealing the bodies of this mom and son, my wife and I love having incestuous sex. Here we are almost getting caught by the husband and sister while I use my new dick to pound his moms pussy.
Its always weird when you see a teacher out in public, its even weirder when your teacher comes up to you and begins to talk to you like shes your best friend. I don't understand why but Ms. McDonald is acting like my best friend David right now. (RP)
A new full-body VR game has just been released, it was called: ‘Society’. Little did I know that my girlfriend had signed up to be a ‘host’, allowing others to control her through their headsets- I found you, her newest player in our apartment.
Science produced the “Xchange” suppository. Insert into your Anus and change occurs in minutes. It can be used for 30 days once activated. Here I am putting it back in to show you how it works. I could feel the change back to man and wasn’t ready because we hadn’t fucked yet….
idk how it happened, one minute I was going to bed, the next at a rave in this strange girl's body. but I don't care, she seemed to be having a fun night, might as well take advantage of that even if I'm a girl...(looking to rp so hmu)
Beautiful shemale fucking guy
'Hay Followers, I'm just here in my room horny as hell maybe one of you can help me' Jackson pasted onto his sister's onlyfans. it was gonna be a rough week while Georgia did who knows what with his body, and keeping up with her OF only made it worse
Need a new mom
(M4ApTF) You culdn't help but giggle at the sight of your best friend's steadily growing hardon~ You transitioned last week, and he hasn't been able to stop oggling you since! "Don't tell me you're getting turned on by your best friend~ You really would fuck a rock if it had tits~" You'd tease~
My best friend went through second puberty and his parents took him on a vacation to make him feel better about his body. He posted this picture and it was so damn hot. I couldn’t help myself. What are the chances the FOSE struck at that exact moment? At least he’s happy to be a guy again (RP)
I was the sort of hopper who loved watching my victims get beat up by their loved ones.. ironically for me my latest victim Kim fled at the scene as she was stuck in a controlling relationship with her abusive lover but for some reason I found myself unable to hop out of her.. karmas a real bitch.
The newest craze was the ‘Skinsuit Gun’, one shot from this made the target into a wearable suit. When I walked into the Mall toilets, I found you, climbing into your newest suit- you’d hit your target. “What… the… fuck” I mumble
“I’m really a police officer, I swear!” My squad and I had managed to catch joker’s new girlfriend or whatever she is, but just as I took her in, I somehow find myself in her body. What I'm I supposed to do now? No one will believe I'm really me and I'm being sent to jail.
After your didn’t want us to hang out anymore, you texted me saying you had a plan. You had a guest over at your house for the weekend and wanted to body swap us. But after the swap had been done i didn’t know the guest was your milf of an aunt Sarah... (RP)
(part2) Since becoming Amelia &amp; wearing my new "uniform", customer numbers (+ tips) have gone crazy! I won't be changing back. I'm wet all day bc I fucking LOVE the attention. I'm thinking of picking a random customer every day to spend my 15 minute break with &amp; let them do whatever they want...
“Gawh, fucking damnit! I’m going to kill that girl ” having met Billie was less than stellar. I wasn’t a fan and I made it known. Didn’t care for her style. Well, she paid to have me turned into a fucking copy of her slutty ass complete with stupid nails and everyone I meet thinking I’m her
25f. Posses a girl's body and come fuck my man's brains out for me!
A new full-body VR game has just been released, it was called: ‘Society’. Little did I know that my girlfriend had signed up to be a ‘host’, allowing others to control her through their headsets- I found you, her newest player in our apartment.
The great shift couldn’t have occurred at a better time! I was swapped with this college girl on her spring break. I was going to have some fun with myself, but I saw another girl studying my new body. We retreated to a quieter place and began to have some fun together.
When my neighbours went away on a family holiday I was thrilled. They asked me to housesit while they were gone. This combined with the fact that my body transforms to match the clothes I wear means I have two weeks as their hot 19yr old daughter. Here I am sending vids to all my friends!
Just look at these beautiful fun bags
You decided to try on a limbless bodysuit as a joke. Unfortunately you didn't realize that you'd need hands to undo the zipper or how horny this body is. (RP)
Getting swapped with my sister's boyfriend was hard enough. If I had known he was part of Swap Class, I'd have skipped this year. She knows he swapped, but not who is in his body. The new rule making us keep our real identity a secret is rough... especially when she keeps sending pictures like this!
Kriss Gets Crazy, Squirts And Quivers
I swapped into a tiny chick and went clubbing one night. I happened to see a close friend of mine. So I decided to try and see if he would take me home. Turns out he was looking for me.
When my sister agreed she would do one of my college projects if I owned her ome, I thought I would have to do some homework for her or something. However this weekend she left home with mum and hour after that I was suddenly her in a changing booth? "Whatt did you do?" I texted my own number (rp)
"I don't know how you got that to work... but come back stage, I'll let you in." You wanted to date this singer for so long... you paid crazy amounts for a fan meet, and she rejected you. So you decided to hire me, and use a spell to swap my body with hers... "You never said this was permanent?!"
since I became a woman I have felt a slight attraction to men, that masculinity that I no longer have now I see it as sexy, so much so that on my best friend’s birthday I took the initiative to flirt with a boy, I noticed he was shy so for the first time Maybe I used my new feminine attributes🤭🚺👙
With Spring Break finally upon us, I took the liberty of designing some new suits for you all. Each one comes with a little bit of backstory, but otherwise their spring break adventures are for you to decide! Let me know which suit you’ll be spending your vacation in!
My (center) sister’s friends liked me a lot more than her. I was always complimenting them and being kind, while she was a bit of a bully. So imagine my surprise when they swapped me into her body for their spring break vacation! Being my sister is weird, but I’m loving this vacation so far!
I knew my step mother was evil but this was to far. It went home for Christmas and slowly through the week it seemed my step mother was feeding me x change pills and I wake up on Christmas in this body next thing I know is I’m in my step- sisters bikini and posing for photos. Rp/ama
I used to be a normal guy with a best friend (you), what you didnt know was that im gay and in love with you but i knew you are straight so one day i cast a spell on the girl that you like and invite you over to "my house" to chill on "my pool" (open to rp)
"No no no... hey! It's me, James! Uhm, I don't know how to say this but, the tiny pool by the bar is jinxed. So, don't go anywhere it! Unless you wanna change sex, apparently!" At first, I thought our honeymoon was ruined. That nudist vacation was the best in our lives, we just didn't know it yet.
My twin sister got me grounded, which meant I couldn’t go through with my frat’s spring break plans. I possessed her body as revenge, intending to do whatever I wanted, but it seems she was in the middle of something. It would be rude to stop right?
My twin sister got me grounded, which meant I couldn’t go through with my frat’s spring break plans. I possessed her body as revenge, intending to do whatever I wanted, but it seems she was in the middle of something. It would be rude to stop right?
Damn Those Jugs
[M4A] Your sleazy uncle went too far when he slipped you that X-change pill. You were pissed at first, but quickly realized that he'd only change you back if you shut up and did as you were told...
I was the sort of hopper who loved watching my victims get beat up by their loved ones.. ironically for me my latest victim Kim fled at the scene as she was stuck in a controlling relationship with her abusive lover but for some reason I found myself unable to hop out of her.. karmas a real bitch.
"Don't worry Mrs. Johnson, I'm just enjoying the day at the beach. I didn't know all your friends were so hot." Last night, I somehow swapped bodies with my sexy neighbor. I'm not sure why we swapped, but I'm not going to complain about being in her hot body. All I need is her to stop bothering me!
“Alright little bro, off you go!” I said to my apparent new brother. After I had hopped this body he kept on begging to give him a ride. Instead of enjoying my new and young body I now had to take care of this brat. Atleast he is gone for the day…“Maybe I can pick up some lingerie on the way back”
Hey bro, come in the waters perfect said my bro, my little brother got hit with gender wave and he keeps forgetting to cover his new boobs
(m/femboy/cuntboy4F/Futa seeking dom partner) my shapeshifting girlfriend
I was waiting for the bus, when this woman ran up despite the bus being nowhere in sight. Suddenly I was looking down at myself. Before I could process what happened my body got up and sprinted away. Before I could race after it a man violently screaming: “GIVE ME BACK MY BODY NOW!”
Yep, that’s me on the right! My friends and I weren’t trying to spend our spring break up in the cold weather, so we decided to swap with a couple of sorority girls down south! This definitely beats sitting inside and playing video games!
I was the sort of hopper who loved watching my victims get beat up by their partners when they try to claim who they truly are but this girl she shouted thank you from a distance and ran off, turns out she was stuck in a controlling relationship in which she’s been trying to escape from for months…
When I found out my neighbor’s daughter was going to Florida with her friends for spring break and her friend’s 21st birthday, I knew I had to go. So the morning of her flight, I swapped. I miss all the fun you can have on spring break in college! (RP)
My son’s girlfriend (right) swapped me with her sister to ‘get to know me better’. Now she’s taking me shopping to get ready for some double date. (RP)
"...just point the remote control at someone and push the button!" Finally, the strange voice finished. Suddenly, my mother walked into my room. I flinched frightened, and then, as if instinctively, I pointed the remote at her and pressed the "Body swap" button(RP)
Yeah because my day couldn’t get any worse not only has the delivery courier left my highly expensive real life sex doll outside of my apartment in the pouring down rain, as I’ve lifted her into the lift she’s short circuited and now I’m somehow inside of it.. wait how come my old body is moving..
I was excited to go on Spring Break with my girlfriend, but I was set up and her mom swapped our bodies! Said they wanted to bond, like old times. Now instead of sipping drinks on a beach, I'm a stay at home mom! But I think she underestimated the knowledge transfer, I feel more like her each day.
“I can’t believe I got cursed so that anything you write on me becomes true! W-wait what are you doing with that pen?!?!” (RP Open)
Feeling the Heat
We were looking at perspective in art. Specifically, how different people make art, to explore this my professor made us do a piece, then she chose her favourite and swapped bodies with the artist, after a month of living as each other they’d replicate the piece. Well I guess I was picked!
As I was about to fuck with my girlfriend, she let out a scream, as I watched her body change in front of my eyes. “B-Babe? Are you okay?”(Rp always open)
Y'all, I just have one question: Is there any artist or writer on here taking bodyswap requests or commissions? I'm in the mood to request or commission someone.
I woke up in the naked body of my girlfriend. I quickly put on a bra and tried to figure out what happened. We got into an argument about what how this occurred. Neither of us knew but the one thing I did tell her is “I want to get fucked” She slowly walked over to me and started unhooking my bra…RP
My friend was bragging about all the hot chicks at the beach who complimented his new swimsuit. So, if he wouldnt shut up, perhaps he should start attracting a new crowd. (Rp)
“I told you that accident in the lab wasn’t gonna ruin my spring break! I still can’t believe she hid this for so long…” On our last day of class, my reserved lab partner messed up mixing chemicals, causing us to switch bodies. But I planned on letting loose, regardless of what I looked like now.
Turning into mom and surprising dad while she was away on business was a great idea. I'd meant to shout 'april fools!' the first time he grabbed my ass, but it was kinda hard with his tongue down my throat. Waking up April 2nd, it's a little late to reveal the prank. Perhaps I'll wait till next year
I was in my house when the Great Shift hit. I was swapped with my hot milf neighbor who was about to hit the gym. I looked down and inspected my new body and loved it. I heard the front door open and heard my own voice looking for me. I went to go find my former body…(RP)
This was going to start out as a review of the TF Remote, but I’ll just be honest. I turned my best friend into my personal toy, for some reason he thinks he was a hooker that ironically got hooked on my cock! But I can’t say the contrary. I just hope we don’t get kicked out! (RP)
“Ok perfect, now all I need is a few people of… “different” weights for a gym body swap experiment!” (RP/DM)
I’ve always thought my new stepmom was hot as fuck. So I decided to swap into her body when she and dad were fucking. What I didn’t know is that she was a shemale.
Fucking sexy
25f. Possess her body and come fuck my man's brains out for me!
A new full-body VR game has just been released, it was called: ‘Society’. Little did I know that my girlfriend had signed up to be a ‘host’, allowing others to control her through their headsets- I found you, her newest player in our apartment.
Magic has other plans- Part 8 (Interactive)
My grandma told me never to read a “cursed” book in my attic, I decided to do the most logical thing and read it! I probably shouldn’t have. As I read it I felt my soul leave my body… and enter my sisters. Now I’m possessing her! I think she’s still aware and very unhappy but she’s… kinda hot. (RP)
“You look… amazing” I say in awe. You were the quiet, unassuming guy. However, you were an unbelievable chemist- you’d made a compound and slipped it into your neighbours water supply that made her susceptible to you hopping her and now, you were in control.
The end of the year swap class had finished off without incident. At least it seemed that way until videos started leaking during the summer! Sisters Cori and Sabrina were mortified when they received a link to their bodies using a strap-on! (Pt 1)
I’m not sure what it is but whenever I get a drunk I turn into a chick. At first I just wouldn’t drink but I won’t lie It’s started to grow on me. Already pregamed a bit but I think I’m ready to head out for the night. What do you think?
Auburnforyou cowgirl creampie
It’s another one of those freaky Friday scenarios, my girlfriend and I were arguing whose life was easier. Honestly all that doesn’t matter, I’m having the time of my life hahaha!
Me and my bully were both swapped into two older girls. "Dude, you're so gay!" He said to me. I forced him to let me try sucking a toy dildo. But everything's fine! We're a couple now! (RP?)
“Thanks for meeting me, I found this one walking round the mall, nobody is going to suspect a thing” I say smugly. I was a hopper for hire, performing anything from assassinations to dates. “Now, what did you need a petite blonde for?”
I’m not sure why it was called the “walk of shame”. After having an amazing night in the room of the guy I picked up at the club last night I was walking past the bar of the hotel back outside. I felt confident and sexy in my outfit this girl whore before I stole her body. I only forgot her panties.
My tits loved the sunrise [f]
My brothers girlfriend was the sweetest. She was like my big sister and when she tried to swap bodies with her boyfriend he declined, thinking it wasn’t real. She came over to my place and is about to ask me the same thing. (RP)
Malls are prime hunting ground for a career possessor like you. I watched as your dark presence slid down this girls throat and you instantly took control, pulling her phone out and sending photos to unknown numbers. “What are you doing?” I ask
When my boss wanted to fire me because I got a tattoo of a skull, lets just say I was alittle pissed. Theres no way i'd be fired over something so stupid, so i'll play his game. When I got to work the next day after doing my ritual, My boss looked different. Whole new body, whole new tattoos. (Rp)
"Now this ought to teach you two about trespassing on a witch's property! Now, go away and be good girls for a few days, and maybe I'll consider changing you back!" (RP)
“Stop following me!” I shout angrily, ever since you, my best friend had discovered your hopping powers, you’d been following everywhere, hopping my dates, my family and now: total strangers.
You’d gone from zero to hero, once the bullied kid at school and now everyone’s best friend. You’d programmed some software to implant your consciousness in anyone, using their phones. “Who’s this one?” I ask you at one of our meet ups.
It had been a few months since ‘The Great Shift’ and since my girlfriends body had walked out the door. This was the first time you’d agreed to meet me and talk this whole thing over. “So, who are you and where have you been these last few months?” I asked my girlfriends body.
When the great shift happens I was jacking off to some babe at the beach on instagram and then it hit and all of a sudden I hear a guy yell “nice ass” I was about to yell fuck you when I noticed I was in a bikini and had tits and a nice ass. Wtf was going on? (AMA)
My mom and best friend knew of my feminine leanings, mom especially disappointed when she learnt I was gay. One morning I woke up, my body feeling different as my best friends cock slide into me. I was forced to take an x change pill in my sleep!
(M4AtF) You were watching netflix with your best friend, when you suddenly caught him oggling your new tits~ You had transitioned a couple months ago, and it seems as if he has a newfound appreciation for you now~ "Hehe, you can feel em up if you want~ There's no way I'd hold out on you dude~"
"Reverse the swap this instant!" The misogynistic CEO of a huge corporation was kidnapped and sent to the underground swap clinic. He was put into the body of Laci, a young secretary. The kidnappers in the room only laughed as he shouted in his new soft voice. (RP?)
Alright maybe taking the shot without asking what it was first was a mistake but cmon it’s college can ya blame me?! Either way I’m sure once the weekend is over I’ll track down what I’m it changed me but it can wait, this body gets drunk so much quicker imma save a ton on drinks!
I was out of town for a month. While i was gone, you had second puberty. But what didn’t change was your cock. You still liked wearing boxers. The day after i came back, i came by your house and knock on the door. Not expecting what i’m about to see. (Rp)
Two best friends want to try put each others boyfriend to see who's is best~ let's hope they don't get confused and get too friendly with the wrong guy!
I just woke up from a dream that I was a girl. When I woke up, I felt smaller and I saw I had long hair. I barely have tits, so maybe I can hide it. I don’t know what to do. “Mom!!!! Help!!!!” (RP)
Your sister asked you to swap places and go on her first date for her. She said she really liked this guy, wanted to get a second date so she asked you to be memorable, to make sure you act like the kinda girl he'd call in the morning. She thinks you'll be funny or cute, but you had a different plan
Trying to find a new victim so that i can swapped out from this fat witch body (rp wanted)
April 1st, 2019, I came out as trans to my folks as an prank. Except then my father came out too in solidarity, and I knew revealing the truth would hurt him. Even when he paid for surgery, I kept the lie. But I can't deny there aren't benefits to our new bodies. April 2022, he smirks, "April Fools"
We were just trying out a new app on your phone when it changed me into your crush. My body isn’t the only thing it changed though, my mind seems to be a little different but you’re too busy admiring me to notice until it’s too late. (RP)
I want to try a RP with two other people, beacuse why not?
I was watching porn during a thunderstorm when my house was struck by lightning and hit me through the computer. I lost power and I passed out. When I woke up, I looked like Elsa Jean. Any electricians want to come over and help me out? (Rp wanted)
«How was I suppose to know that potion I spiked the punch with at our family reunion was permanent?» Jacob was basically put in timeout as the family tried to deal with his body swapping blunder. Although he was happy to land in his cousin’s body.
«How was I suppose to know that potion I spiked the punch with at our family reunion was permanent?» Jacob was basically put in timeout as the family tried to deal with his body swapping blunder. Although he was happy to land in his cousin’s body.
For your birthday I bought this machine that lets me bodyswap into any celebrity I want for the day, As long as I don’t cum while swapped, I go back to my body after 24 hours. After body swapping into your fave celeb (pick someone from this post) I surprise you, pretending to be your fav celeb(RP)
"The Long Con!" For the last year, you have been making thousands of dollars from creating photo shopped pictures of your own Mother. But now, her fans are trying to pay for her to attend a local con and show off some cosplay. You were too far in, and now as the con starts, you arrive in a skinsuit.
This is the first time my friend has gone out since he was a victim of the great shift. We were having a lot of fun but I glanced down at his chest once and he put one hand on his hip annoyed. "Sorry dude but they look nice." I told him (RP)
"What are you so pissed about? The swaps are random dude, just cause I got... this bitch, doesn't mean you can be all mad about it, who the fuck even are you?" When I went to exchange island, I was hoping I'd get some hot body... and I did! Problem was, you knew her and didn't like what I was doing!
“Oh my god dude!!! Your Dad totally blew my back out….and I fucking loved it! Tell your mum she can do what she likes with Bethany and don’t come home until late tonight xx” I send my best friend with this video attached. Swapping with his mum for the week just got a lot better!
Me and my girlfriend switched bodies by accident. We tried everything to change back,but it was no use. We where stuck as each other. She spared no time in transforming my body into her female self, I could do nothing but watch. And it seems my new body is really into it too
Greg should never have bullied me. When I heard his mom was selling her body at the swap auction I made the highest bid for her mature form. Now my new “son” has to deal with me embarrassing him and not being able to retaliate. Bathing with the door open is my favorite punishment so far.
Ohhh fuck… Ashe’s body feels so amazing… is it even worth leaving? After I found some possession spell on the black market I decided to try it on a hot Asian girl in my class. It worked, and I’ve been masturbating for hours. Little did I know she was still fully aware of this and very unhappy! (RP)
"I don't know how you got that to work... but come back stage, I'll let you in." You wanted to date this singer for so long... you paid crazy amounts for a fan meet, and she rejected you. So you decided to hire me, and use a spell to swap my body with hers... "You never said this was permanent?!"
"We're here with Samantha Blair, the first recruit for the Sissy Corrections program. They were once a repeat offender doing everything from graffiti to the destruction of property. If any of you have questions, the Q and A starts now!" (Lit RP)
You wished to get put into a perfect little submissive body. Missing most of your limbs ensures that your wish was granted.
My roommate left with his girlfriend every weekend, leaving me alone to take an a change pill. However, he came back early, after breaking up with his girlfriend and saw me playing with my pussy and wanted to show me how cock really feels.
I always wondered what my life would be like if I was born a girl. Little did I know a witch read my mind while I was at the mall and decided to help me out. Waking up this morning I was scared but excited to see what my new life is like. (Rp dm or chat)
I was a guy , with a boring lifestyle, I only studied and masturbated, I always thought that my life would have been much more interesting if I was born as a busty woman,so when my friend proposed the gender swap pills, I decided to accept ,now I'm excited, I just have to get used to these tits😬
“I’m sorry, but the district requires you to register as a girl, you’re lucky I got you put into a different school.” Second puberty sucks, and this outfit my mom made me wear isn’t helping the situation. (Chat for RP)
“Why it’s not working!?” I asked scared, as I swallowed another reverse xchange pill, after you slipped an xchange pill in my drink. “What kind of pill did you put in my drink, idiot?”
“Good morning” I say ti my fellow camp mates at swap camp, a place your sent as a punishment usually for assault against a woman. It’s meant to teach you to respect women, however last night we all fingered each other so I don’t think it’s working
My friend was trying to invent a possession device and I let him test it on me. I was supposed to posses him but apparently the targeting is way off as I suddenly was sitting at the stairs of the city theater (rp)
[M4A as FB] You were once a lazy, disobedient subordinate of mine but now, after slipping you a few pills that changed your body and mind, you've become daddy's perfect, obedient housepet.~
To think we never got along in school. You were one of the worst bullies I’d ever met. But that all changed when you showed up to my door after the great shift. Now, we’re engaged. And you can’t keep yourself off of me. (Rp)
“Target acquired. I put on the package you sent me, what’s next?” I was a hopper you hired to possess this woman, no questions asked. What happens next is up to you.
It turned out my dad was in kahoots with the mafia. He owed them a ton of money, and I had no idea. He ran away to avoid his debt, and somehow it got back to the mob that I knew where he was. Now they sent one of their goons to possess me and torture me until I tell them where he is, helppp!! (RP)
I've always known my girlfriend on the kinky side, so when she said she had a mommy fetish... it didn't surprise me. When she asked if I'd help her with it, I said sure. I thought we'd just talk about it. NOPE. She swapped our bodies and is now insisting that I be her submissive mommy... (RP)
It was a simple possession spell so that you could possess the professor to get the class’ grades changed so the whole class could pass this college course. I had no idea why the class was so hard, but more concerned now as to why you have not returned back to your body yet.
They say you become your obsessions. It was an old saying and it wasn't true, or so I thought. See I had a huge crush on my moms girlfriend and one night ibwas thinking about her when there was a green lighting storm. It struck the house and when I woke I was in her body. (DM for RP)
The prude girl at my college was bragging about going to a library for spring break. I couldn’t let her waste her break, so I sacrificed my spring break to possess her. Now I think she’ll be the life of every party.
"Damn, why doesn't it work, I did everything right!" *I say while I'm furious for not changing bodies so I go to sleep and the next morning I wake up and see myself in the mirror* "Holy shit wait oh damn if it worked now kiernan's body is mine I look sexier than what I thought (RP Lesbian)
You were having a rough time after your breakup, so I treated you to an all expense paid vacation and a beautiful bodysuit. So why are you still moping around? What’s this really about?
The swap I planned with your girlfriend didn’t go as planned. It looked so easy when everyone else did it! It’s gonna be a little while as I figure how to walk with her long legs in heels...
I was cleaning out the attic when I found my cousin Olivia's old gymnastics crown. For some reason I felt compelled to put it on. Immediately my body transformed to hers back when she did gymnastics. I have to say, I really like how this feels. I can change back and forth by taking off the crown.
"You'll see me on TV in a sec, just keep watching Dr.Phil!" After the great shift, most people really struggled, especially if they went across genders... not me. I thrived, made a career on social media, gave seminars and went on TV... I was a successful Male to female Great Shift victim!
After being fired I got on my motorbike and went for a drive. At a gasstation I spotted a group of girls heading for spring break. Just what I needed. I hopped into one in the restroom and got back on my bike. The other girls were surprised “Alex” just left like that but I had a beach to get too!
You have been lying to your family about having a girlfriend for months as this weekend was your family’s big reunion and your sisters wedding… you had to find someone fast! To pretend to be your girlfriend…. So you asked me your best friend… “uhhh what? You’re crazy!”(Rp)
Now that I’ve mastered body swapping I’m offering my services out for people to use! Simply message me the name or a picture of the girl you want possessed and tell me what you’d like me to do with her. I’ll possess her and make all your wildest dreams come true.(RP)
My girlfriend and I thought it would be a good idea to swap bodies for the day. We both decided to go to the pool so I put on her bikini. I felt almost naked but that feeling went away when I saw my girlfriend. My body got so horny to the point that I could not control myself around her… (RP)
My sister and I had bet over a football game. If she won she would have got to borrow my car and I wanted to swap bodies with her. Now, im in her body and driving her around in my car. I stopped to do a photoshoot with it as she awkwardly stood and looked as a tent formed in her pants…(rp wanted)
“Hey babe, I got out of work early” I say as I walk in and see my girlfriend standing in her underwear. I have no idea that someone else is in her body.”
“Hey babe, I got out of work early” I say as I walk in and see my girlfriend standing in her underwear. I have no idea that someone else is in her body. (RP)
My girlfriend decided to take us on a girls trip for some RnR. Let's just say we did little resting 😘
I decided to comment a few... Not so nice things on Kylie Jenner's Instagram page and not taking into account how rich she was... I woke up the next day as her sister and plaything (RP)
This is the most embarrassing experience of my life. If you cum your happy but I'm still stuck as some sort of whore. Fuck being your girlfriend, I miss my single life so bad
After the end of a long semester my professor told me I was the highest scoring student in her class. She gave me a surprising gift: her own body and life! I hope she enjoys college as a young man because I’m loving it as a mature woman so far.
My grandparents got my aunt a few years before I was born. Because of this, we always seemed more like cousins. Yesterday, she asked if I wanted to try some body swap pills with her. I did. She also let me, invite one friend over while I was in her body. "Told you it was real," I texted you. (RP)
My busty neighbor had just come of age so she was planning on moving to Chicago, while I didn't have many plans in mind so I switched bodies with her, now she's bored in my male body while I'm having my first girls night It's incredible how these boobs bounce in this dress, they look like balls🥰👙🚺
“Now THIS is my type of april fools prank, taking your body and teasing you with it!” (RP/DM)
For being the academic pride of our college, my sister and her friends were rewarded with a five-star hotel at a great destination for spring break. I wanted that trip, so I possessed her. Now I get to enjoy my break with my new besties!
Usually SwapApp girls say that their partners are off limits which is fine because I take pride in my seduction ability. However this girl offered something quite different, she offered a full week living exactly like her. A life which included a stud of a partner, I took it immediately!
The night was crazy,I met a busty girl named Daisy,she got me drunk and then asked me to swap bodies,I couldn't stop looking at her huge boobs so I agreed without thinking, she then took me to a room to fuck my new busty woman body with my old body,i was just excited to see my new huge boobs bounce🚺
Wow
I came to my mum with gf problems, she told me to trust her swapped our bodies and dealt with it, the next day everything was better than ever. A week later she rung me up explaining that after being me she couldn’t feel satisfied sexually, I was having a similar issue so we came to an arrangement!
Even celebrities are into weird stuff! I am a professional swapper and was very shocked when one of my all time celebrity crushes hired me, Ana has a relatively normal fetish when it comes to swapping just interesting that celebs are like us! She wanted to sit in my body while I pleasure her as her.
Beachball bootycheeks. MAKE ME HER!!!! I BEG 😖😖😖
I was a big fan of Robin,so I wanted to dress up as him for Halloween,I found one costume but when it arrived I realized it was for a woman,but I decided to use it for a joke photo,when I put it on my body changed and now I the costume looks good now I have the body of a busty superheroine 🦸🏻‍♀️👙
Business at the drive-through cafe was slow. The manager wanted big changes to lure more customers &amp; he was open to anything. After I started turning up as Amelia, business doubled - but I loved the attention &amp; craved more. I've given myself a new uniform, and can't wait to see what happens next...
"...and you're sure you only need my body until Sunday?" I text along with a picture of the outfit left out on 'my' bed to my best friends sister to her, in my body. Stacey had pleaded to swap bodies with me to get some perspective as a man for the weekend and I felt pressured enough to accept!
[M4F] Anyone interested to rp a swap?
I think Maddie's family suspects something is wrong. Little do they know a demon is inside her. I'm sure I can think of some way to "convince" them to stay quiet.
“Don’t you like it daddy?” My son was going through a rough time, as he just finished second puberty. I tried cheering him up by saying he looked great, but that backfired. Now he loves to tease me and be wildly inappropriate. It’s getting on my nerves. “Don’t you think I’m pretty daddy?”
Swap limos are the best. The guys and I went on a guy’s trip, but we didn’t know the limo we rented would turn us more and more into women the longer we were in it. By nightfall, we were so drunk and wild, we couldn’t keep our hands and our tongues off of each other’s new bodies
I wanted to improve my grades, so I wanted to swap bodies with my teacher, but now she's blackmailing me and wants me to "Private tutoring" her about her new body. But isn't that gay? (Rp to DM)
At first, I was mad when you turned me into your trophy wife. But then is discovered your credit card had no limit. Now it's your turn to be mad, once you get the bill...
The worst part about being a male celebrity photographer was when the client never shows up on time, I have to take photos as them, once people saw I do a good job. They hire me to impersonate them. (Dm or chat to rp.)
My friend was cursed… slowly but surely he was turning into a stereotypical “Hoodrat”. All because he insulted a witch, and now he thinks that we’ve been dating for years! I hope we can change him back soon! Just look at what I’m dealing with! (RP)
For the women on here, if you swapped with a guy of your choice for one day, what would you do?
“..baby you know how you told me last week I was acting strange like really shy, well that was Charlotte (left) and the week before super dominant that was Rhiannon (right).. long story short we want to involve you in our swaps, after all we’ve all seen that big penis of yours” The girls all giggle.
I had died 35 years from now, yes it is confusing but i dont focus on it anymore. I'm now in the body of my mom when she was 18, i dont know what to do so i'm just drinking. My roommate and i have been hooking up for fun, i'm thinking he's my dad but now i'm not sure. (RP)
I wear black velvet and catch a glimpse of myself and all of sudden the lights go out and come back on and I see my long blonde hair and my nails all done I'm still in black velvet only this time I feel way sexier
I’d reluctantly signed up for swap class as I needed the extra credit. I hoped to swap with another guy, but no, I became this cute girl. What a body though.. I hope my roommate doesn’t catch me like this (RP)
Is that… really me in the reflection? I don’t understand. This is my room, my clothes, and I’ve never seen this woman before. But I do look hot. Really hot. What happened, who did this to me. I have to find out immediately, or at least after I explore a little
the Oscars were pretty mad about me slapping Chris rock so they decided to get rid of my "best male actor" award not by taking it away but by making me a woman there has to be someone in charge I can talk to (rp wanted)
I was struggling to get tenure as a new professor, so I decided to start wearing a bodysuit during my lectures. The student evaluations are through the roof!
"What the did your stupid backwater town do to me?" I asked worried. My childhood bestfriend moved to germany years ago and recently insisted i join them for a oktoberfest, what i wasnt told is that is tradition to take a male tourist and turn them into a oktoberfest girl and this year it was me(Rp)
"Well, son, you remember how you asked me to divorce your mom? And how I told you I'd eventually need a favour in return?" I nod at my dad uncertainly. "Well... now I need a... suitable date for my that company vacation with my boss." He smiles at me. "How about a spin in the auto-closet, hm?"
After we got sucked into that wormhole that brought us back to the 1800s I thought you was the unlucky one being stuck in the body of a woman. But after all these hard days of work I’m starting to think I have it worse. But coming home to you at the end of the day does put a smile on my face.
I work as a personal trainer, but I swap bodies with my clients to work them out. This new chick came in and I just love her body.... I had to have it. So I poisoned myself... by the time I finish my squat sets, my body will be dead... and I can keep this tight one for myself...
This was going to start out as a review of the TF Remote, but I’ll just be honest. I turned my two best friends into my personal toys, for some reason they think they were hookers that ironically got hooked on my cock! But I can’t say the contrary. I just hope we don’t get kicked out! (RP)
I thought life was so hard for me... Than the great shift happened and I ended up in the body of the local rich gilf... Sounds great till I found out how she got her money when I client came over (RP)
“Don’t worry neighbor, I’ll help you water the lawn!” I heard my voice say. I was just doing some gardening when suddenly a chill came over me and I lost control of my body! Even worse, I began to do this! No, no!! Stop, people can see me, this is disgusting! (RP)
When Zoe friendzoned me, it sucked. But she promised that if I was a loyal-friend and listened to her shit about her BF, come spring break we'd swap. I never thought she'd start right after breaking up amid a BJ. I ain't even mad, her tits look so good glazed in cum. Best rebound sex I've ever had!
My mom has been acting very strange today and more cheery. I don't know whats going on she even ordered us pizza which she rarely does. I didn't know what was going until sh gave me this smirk, my best friend took over her body again. (RP)
I thought it would be funny to prank my sister so I bought a swap remote online. I only planned to swap us long enough to freak her out but I ran into a problem. After I swapped us she tried taking the remote and I accidentally dropped and stepped on it and now we're stuck like this. (DM)
You know, touching that stone was the best thing to ever happen to us. We have jobs and boyfriends.
Teaching her to go deep
After being fired I got on my motorbike and went for a drive. At a gasstation I spotted a group of hot girls heading for spring break. Just what I needed. I hopped into one of them in the restroom and got back on my bike. The other girls were surprised “Alex” just left but I had a beach to get to!
After being fired I got on my motorbike and went for a drive. At a gasstation I spotted a group of hot girls heading for spring break. Just what I needed. I hopped into one of them in the restroom and got back on my bike. The other girls were surprised “Alex” just left but I had a beach to get too!
Oh damn. Them tits
You have the option to swap lives (you have to do the things they do) for a year, who do you pick?
My friend approached me asking for a favour to punish his daughter. They caught her smoking weed so they wanted to teach her a lesson. Being a church minister they thought I’d be best. Well it’s been a couple of days and I’ve sent her photos every hour…do you think she wants one when her bf arrives?
I thought my nephew would hate me after finding out the hard way that I jerked off to his gf. But his reaction was quite the opposite in fact we just got back from our first night out and I may have gotten a little drunk. Although it’s not my fault this body is such a lightweight!
my mom are mad because I not value her effort as a woman,so she turned me into a woman almost identical to her, with her bad an good things, now I am the woman of the house and I have to do the cleaning,the food for a whole year, I still don't know if this huge ass counts as sometjimg good or bad🍑👙😫
When you hopped into my girlfriend a few days ago, you assumed that I had no idea. That was until this morning when I approached you in the shower and told you your original name. "I have plans for you, body hopper!" I say menacingly...
It was a simple switch. My dad told people he was buying a sexy android body for mom to inhabit when in reality I was taking that form while mom took my body and become our new son. The neighbors all compliment us, having no idea about our deception. Being a cyber-milf is fun!
I was horrified but all I could do was watch as the door closed. I could already feel my body changing. I had been close to curing the Bimbo Virus, but when my colleague found out he threw me in with the test subjects so my research would be lost forever... (RP)
One front in front of the other...Not much further to go. You can feel the jiggle of your breasts with every step. The way you waddle instead of walk just a few hours earlier. Sam wanted to have a spiritual experience before the birth. So you went to the desert and met a shaman..."I'm sorry, ok!" RP
My son was a total nerd. He'd stay home and play video, all day. I made a wish and now he's a stud. But, I didn't realize I'd transform from his dad to a his new young wife. (LT RP ... Chat with me and we can discuss the plot)
She always looked uncomfortable with her friends, and I was the guy that just hung around and took pictures for them. I was supposed to move at the start of spring break and she took the opportunity to take my body, now I’m with the rest of the girls. (Chat for RP)
It had been a hard long month, ever since the shift, where i had swapped with your wife, you had not seen an inch of her skin! One day, i decide to go swimming in this bikini at *our* pool.... (Chat)
My best friend upset a witch, who threatened to turn her into a frog unless she helped her test her new potion. Sadly for me, it was a body swap potion, and she’d chosen to spike both our drinks with it… (RP)
I'm always hiding from people, i hide in my coat like the fat fuck i am. But today was differant, when i took my coat off, everything changed. I somehow became thinner, cuter and a british girl. You see me from afar, a beautiful looking women looking all lost, now's the time you make your move. (RP)
That's the definition of blowjob eyes
You should never trust a salesman- especially a skinsuit salesman but do I have a deal for you! It’s well known in the business that a suit can’t have two owners, the first owner can get in and out but the second is trapped. Luckily, these second hand items might just tempt you.
You were tired of me always bumming weed. So time you gave me and experimental strain you got from your deal. 45 minutes later, you get a text from me: "dude, wtf!?"
"We did go into the same class,you always hated me because your heard me dreaming about incest,but someday you suddenlly woke as my Mother!? first you were yourself but in my mothers body,but from day to day,your personality and thought changed..." (RP WANTED)
My girlfriend couldn’t say no to the internship she was offered at the local lab- some kind of office assistant. We didn’t know that the nerdy scientists would take it in turns to take a possession pill they’d created to be her and show off round the office. Now they were even coming home as her.
"What the hell is this? I thought you said the spell would make me your dad, not your mom!" Your boyfriend said as he walked into the bedroom, wearing your mother's lingerie. You two wanted to steal the lives of your rich parents, but somehow the spell put you in the wrong bodies. (chat to rp)
My gf and sis were going to swap and pull a prank but a tiny mistake made a ton of memories bleed through now my gf remembers bullying me as teenagers and my sister remembers all our sex and dirty talk, look I can't help that bullying gave me a kink, did sis have to get our roleplay too though 😓
(M4A) "I told you these were super realistic~" You'd tease as you wrapped your new tits around your best friend's throbbing member~ It had been weeks since you had transitioned into the girl of your dreams, and there was no way you weren't going to help a pal out using your new assets~
You were supposed to keep a video diary for swap class. You didn't expect that you'd have to share them in front of everyone.
I was your nerdy best friend. I was tired of being bullied and I made a device to possess the quiet asian girl in our class who the jocks really liked. Her body was more than incredible but my personality started becoming more like her bitchy one. (DM2RP)
I told you I would help you lose your virginity, and showed you a hot girl that I said would be a part of it. You agreed to do anything I asked, the next day you woke up in her body, in a hotel with me.
You agreed to participate in a swap experiment and get stuck in a quad amputee's body. At least you look great right? (RP)
"Sara stop. it's not working" The FOSE messed up my girlfriend, her grandma &amp; I. Sara &amp; I were enjoying the house alone, when her grandma came by right as both of us climaxed. my back was to the door, so I saw Sara. she on the otherhand saw her grandma &amp; and must have cum a nano second before I did.
My gf caught me starring at some bimbo chicks ass so she used some kind of stone to force me into her body. When we got home she tied me up made me look like a whore and said if she doesn’t have photographic evidence of me making out with twenty guys by 1am she’s going to fuck me with my own dick!
As an April Fools joke my wife slipped me an XChange pill in my daily vitamins, she took one took herself so we could fuck. I couldn’t help myself and now we are cumlocked like this. Joke is on her, I knew what I was doing….
I stole a bodysuit from our science classroom. Little did I know, it would transform me into this thicc teacher. My friends don't know that I'm.. Me, but my best friend's trying to fuck me. (Rp Wanted)
I had a nose job so it was awkward to wear a mask,I went to school without it but my mom is a teacher and as a punishment she turned me into a busty and she forced me to wear a dress and took me to the playground and all the boys look at me as a and delicate busty female,it'so awkward but I like it🤭
my sister needed to do a project to graduate from university, so she made me a deal, if I did her project, she would switch me bodies with her best friend that I had liked for years, it took me a while but finally my sister graduate and her new sister is playing with her new boobs✨👙
Ever since my brother and me swap bodies I told him the only way for us to switch back is with him swallowing his old cum I told him it takes a couple of attempts and he gets more into it each time
My girlfriend stopped trusting me
I wouldn't call it "abusing" my power. I just liked to have fun. When my girlfriend was excited about her working out progress I swapped our bodies to see, revealing my power to her. However due to these string of texts, she seems pretty interested... plus, her butt does look great now!
Yeah, you were right. Your dad is an amazing plastic surgeon!! I LOVE the work he’s done for me. Can you see if he’s available tomorrow night so I can…um… properly thank him? (RP)
Whoa. You’re not seriously mad at me, are you? Before I left for college, you said I could do whatever I wanted to do and be whoever I wanted to be. Well this is who I want to be. (RP)
When my girlfriend and I swapped bodies, I hated it. She acts feminine in my body and talks like a girl, but when it comes to anything sexual she becomes really demanding and doesn’t stop asking until I agree. Sometimes I think she caused the swap, this is the 9th time we are doing this…(rp wanted)
Hubby cant fuck me the way these BBCs do
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
“Wait, let me readjust these damn things!” Me and my friends always pranked each other for April Fools, but this year they took it a little too far by slipping an X-Change into my drink. (Chat for RP)
All of my friends were telling me that SwappedSingles is a great resource to meet new people. So I made a profile, marked that I wasn’t swapped, but was interested to meet someone. That’s when you popped up.
Swapping with my husband was something recommended to us by our therapist. We were reluctant at first but after what the therapist had claimed it had done for others, we had to go through with it. This is the sight i wake up to now… however he still wears the trousers in the relationship…(rp wanted)
My girl next door.
your dad was always the strict harsh businessman, always forcing you to study more, take more classes, work more hours. and then he got diagnosed with second puberty, you didn't see him until you got back from medical school. he's become one of those girls he always called a disappointment!
I always saw that plumber eating mushrooms and grabbing flowers to get stronger and decided I need to play his own game to beat him, I grabbed the first power up I could find and got ready to fight him and steal peach. I wasn't sure what to expect, definitely not turning into a Gothed out Princess!
My roommate at the academy seemed cool. Of course, he was 1% of the 1% and I was one of the kids here on scholarships. But I was sure we'd get along...until I was feminized. Turned out the poor kids are here to be the rich kids' girls. I found this out in shock as my old uniform was taken by a guard
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
I was lookin to hore some new waiters for my asian restaurant. When I turned one guys down because of his qualifications he remarked "Not like you have any asian workers in this asian restuarant anyhow." I figured it was time to change that. Though his broken english makes it hard to take orders(Rp)
My friend probably shouldn't have made the comment "Yeah, never seen a thicc asian, or even a goth one for that matter." in an argument in the asian market. Within seconds it became rough to understand his newfound broken english, when I looked at him, a whole new person aas next too me. (Rp)
I've been having way too much fun with my shapeshifting lately. My step sister, Olivia, is on her college gymnastics team, and I've been transforming into her and playing around when she's not home. I had just put her leotard on and stared dancing when I heard the door open...
(M4A) You had finally received your brand new, transformation bunnygirl suit~ Once you slipped the outfit on, your ugly, male body would be replaced with that of a cute girls... If only you remembered to lock the door before you changed into it... Now your roommate has quite the bit of blackmail~
SwapApp was the bane of my existence, man after man possessing my girlfriends body, desperate to feel young again. You, her newest renter insisted on coming home and telling me everything you’d done today while inside her.
You have been lying to your family about having a girlfriend for months as this weekend was your family’s big reunion and your sisters wedding… you had to find someone fast! To pretend to be your girlfriend…. So you asked me your best friend… “uhhh what? You’re crazy!”(Rp)
Those eyes ... that look ..
One day, you suddendly wake up in the body of a voluptuos milf...and you don' t know why, you feel soooo horny...(RP!)
Your spell worked perfectly - I was instantly transformed into a ditzy, insatiably horny bombshell that is helplessly in love with you! (RP wanted)
My fiancé and I had a get rich quick scheme- offering breaks for the super rich, the only difference was, the breaks were inside her body using an app I’d coded. Our newest client was just about to possess her, some big time Wall Street CEO ready to relax. “Welcome sir, make yourself at home”.
She took it all
As you rubbed lotion on your swelling belly... you could feel your baby kick. Milk coming in... It had been a weird day. Your wife had told you she was not fit to be a mom. That you were. You were so gentle. You agreed that you were. Moments later youwere sitting on this bed. A girl and pregnant...
Okay dude haha i worked for your country club as a girl for a weekend. can you please turn me back? what do you mean no? Seriously I get you made more from the old dudes. you can’t keep me like this. what do you mean I’m gonna be a money making machine for you. God I wish i didn’t take xchange now
Ever since my best friend and I both got turned into girls in the Great Shift, our relationship has gotten a lot more... intense. Some things haven't changed, though. We still spend lots of time hanging out and playing video games!
I hated my bully: they’ve recently found out they were able to hop into other people’s bodies and used that ability to frustrate me to no end. His latest target was my mother, “Eew. Look at these ol’ saggy titties.”
You’d asked to meet me- urgently. You’d sent me through the location for a multi-storey parking lot on the other side of town, sending incoherent texts about some kind of suit that wouldn’t come off but when I pulled up, there was just a lone woman… it couldn’t be you, could it?
I've had a secret crush on my best friend for years. Today we were hanging out in my bedroom, and he shocked me by telling me he knew about my feelings. He handed me a pink pill and told me to take it. A minute after I swallowed it, he had me stripped down and happily bent over on my bed for him.
What would be your ideal April fools prank involving a body swap?
Just a week into retirement, grandma passed away. Her pension would be wasted by, with a surgeon and just a few months of that money, nobody need ever know she was gone. I'm regretting my scheme now that my dick is gone but it's too late to turn back. Here's to a long life as a mature, retired woman
Your trophy wife had been unfaithful to you, but instead of divorcing her you decided to swap me, your best friend, into her body. I’m a much better wife than she ever was. And I can tell you’re already starting to think about consummating our “new” marriage...
Almost a film
(M4ApF) You'd shudder as you felt your roommate empty rope after rope of his hot, sticky seed inside you~ You had recently taken an experimental gender swap pill that required the user to recieve a steady stream of creampies to maintain its effects... Oh the lengths you went through to stay cute~
"Why is this bra so like, small!" I yell in my high pitched voice. I had swapped with the neighbour next door during the great shift. And apparently she's been waiting for our dad to fuck her. And he's doing that today. (RP WANTED)
Magic has other plans- Part 7 (Interactive)
That's the problem with fathers with chronic arrested second puberty. I keep getting older and he stays the same age. Since he barely looks out of college, I'm the guy that has to take him to bars and buy the drinks and, since he still drinks like a horse, carry him home at the end
The worst part about being a male celebrity photographer was when the client never shows up on time, I have to take photos as them, once people saw I do a good job. They hire me to impersonate them. (Dm or chat to rp.)
"April fools!" you yelled. I wondered what you meant but then felt my body shift. You had put nanotech in my system and had an app to mess with me
You got tired of watching your son mope around the house. You know he had just been broken up with but it had been a week already. You decided you couldn't take it anymore and ordered some x-change pills. Maybe you could be his rebound
This
After gaining the ability to possess anybody I decided to possess my teacher to get a better grade to my surprise found out he’d been having a affair with his daughter
F4A RP Prompt - What the ghetto does to a girl
"APRIL FOOLS!" I look confused as my roommate bursts into the bathroom while I'm brushing my teeth, but quickly start to realize what's going on. I watch myself change in the mirror, dropping to my knees as I desperately feel the need for something in my mouth. He has a strange sense of humor (RP)
Me and you had been best friends for years As an April fools joke you thought it would be funny to posses my sister and tease me little did you know we’d already been fucking (rp)
I was jerking off to Elsa Jean during a bad thunderstorm on Friday the 13th. The house was struck by lightning and somehow shocked me through the computer before the power went out. I passed out and woke up like this 🥵
I had been using this app to fuck with people, karma bit me in my ass right after. Reality kicked me into the body of a rich mans wife. "Holy shit?!" i just came too, hearing you come to the bedroom.
I don't know how or why but last week I somehow swapped with my girlfriend. I didn't find out until after we left the house that she put me in a see through shirt. I don't know how much longer I can keep her off of me. (Rp/Dm)
(M4A) "I told you these were super realistic~" You'd tease as you wrapped your new tits around your best friend's throbbing member~ It had been weeks since you had transitioned into the girl of your dreams, and there was no way you weren't going to help a pal out using your new assets~
We chose to meet at the nude beech after our swap at the resort. I managed to gain in length what you lost, yet there was a bit of you interested in taking in the whole length later on back at your room.
You can’t be serious... my tennis coach didn’t think I could make it pro as a male player but knew that with his training I’d definitely make it as a female player... so when he asked me to take a new shake before training he had also spiked it with a gender swapping pill... (RP)
“I won this fair and square!” I protested. Our school had a strange discipline program, the person who got the best grades would get to spend a semester in the person who did the worsts body. This is my second semester as your girlfriend after she flunked twice!
When my boss told me I was getting promoted, this is not what I expected. I get paid double my old salary, and my whole job description is to take an X-Change pill every morning and hang around the CEO's penthouse all day looking pretty and "taking care" of him whenever he needs. I love my new job!
While we were on vacation in Europe we hit it off good with these girls at the bar. They seemed interested in life in America asking a bunch of questions. Later they took us back to their place. But when we woke up in the morning we realized they stole our bodies and are long gone by now.
You sat watching the other girls finish getting ready. A guy would be lucky to watch these girls..but you were not a guy were you. No, the bride had transformed you into a bridesmaid. When Lauren had asked you to be in the wedding you had said yes. As a groomsman...or usher. "Kelly, your so cute" RP
After a horrible train accident a covert science group stepped in to save the lives lost. When I came to I found myself in an all white room, lights shining on me. "Sorry sir, we ran out of certain parts when we got to you. But fortunately, you're alive." A voice spoke over a speaker, as I looked up
Weeks after I was hit by the shift, and got turned into a femboy, I decided to try and use that dick, to see if it would work properly, since that body was clearly on hormone treatment (Rp always open)
A big corporation moved into town to start mining this new gas they discovered. No one knew what it was but one day there was an accident and it leaked. it affected only men in a strange way. It turned all men female, and that included me. (DM for RP)
Chubby momma
When I used my swap power to swap my friend into this babes body as a prank I didn't know how he would react. He looked down shocked and glared at me. He started to walk over his new wide hips swaying, he smacked me in the face. Hey it was an April Fools Day joke dude chill. (RP)
"Damn!" I said as I yelled while lying on the sand with men surrounding me. I had went to the exchange island with my family, and I swapped with my mom. Turns out she's a cheaper and she often goes to the nude area to fuck these guys. (RP WANTED)
“Not what you were expecting, huh?” I smirked as your jaw dropped at the sight of me. I was one of the biggest mobsters but I’d been using this bodysuit to keep my operation running smoothly. “Now, how about we get to business?”
“You don’t know how lucky you are… you will soon” I say spitefully, hacking the stuck-up rich girl’s SwapApp. She’d always look down on everyone but now I was going to put you, my best friend inside her… effective immediately.
“Ughhh. Yes dad. It’s me Jake, but please call me Jamie when I look like this. Yeah, I’ll be safe. I’ll be with Tom the whole time!! Yes!! Kelly knows I’m borrowing her dress. She just doesn’t know I wear it better than her! Geez! Stop worrying about me.” (RP)
I was super good at gambling, one of the best. But I'd been getting super sick, so in a final move, I managed to amass loads of money and then buy a new body off of the black market. The issue is, my brain just can't work like it used to, my rivals are so handsome and the numbers hurt my head!
Ever since my girlfriend was hit by the shift and put in a guy’s body, she’s mostly locked herself inside, trying to feminise that body the best she could. Looks like she’s getting back her confidence little by little.(Rp always open)
I can’t believe she actually turned me into a girl... she got upset cause I wouldn’t let her use the machine I was using! I hope my roommate doesn’t get freaked out by me when I go home after the gym.
We flipped a coin, whoever got tails would have to possess our hot neighbour and be the winner's girlfriend for a week... You got tails.
"Dude please help me, some witch cursed me turning me into a girl and i need cum to be a guy again please help she made me super horny" i messaged you with the video of my new body. What the witch didnt tell me though is that i only had a 17% chance of returning to a guy again if i got came in (Rp)
My parents have been telling me all about how you had been wanting a change and they had finally helped you with it. Buying you a nee body to put your mind into. I wasn't prepared for what I say as I came back home for summer vacation.
While taking a nice walk in the park, some stupid teen thought it'd be a smart idea to through his lollipop he was sucking on at me. He didn't realize who he was messing with. "You want something to suck on? Enjoy having a fixation to suck on things for the rest of your life. Oh and the new body."
I was happy! After years of talking with a girl online, I finally was going to meet her! But when I went to meet her, I found out I was catfished… so I did the only thing i could. I turned him into the girl that he was pretending to be. I think it matches more, and she even came with flowers. (RP)
You get a text from your best friend. “Dude! You have to come over. I found this app that can transform people’s bodies. Look at me right now! No more pesky dick or balls slapping my thighs whenever I walk!” (Rp)
"Told you I'd come in clutch, where do you wanna pick me up from for this wedding?" When you were invited to a wedding, you wanted one thing... a cute girl to brag about, and to have cling to you. but being single, I offered you a deal... I'll take an X-change, if you pay for it. I'm hot on X-change
The long line outside of the club was the perfect place for you to find guys to try on your experimental bodysuits. Instead of wait out in the cold, they could transform into a beautiful girl, get into the VIP area, shake their ass, and not spend a dime. How could I say no?
My roommate left with his girlfriend every weekend, leaving me alone to take an a change pill. However, he came back early, after breaking up with his girlfriend and saw me playing with my pussy and wanted to show me how cock really feels.
You and I were going on a long bus trip. I decided to make things a little less boring, so I used the reality remote I found online on you. Now I'd be travelling with a gorgeous busty girl... and you had no idea you'd even changed!
I was a professional photographer, who was capable of taking the "Magic shot." So my friend wanted me to take pictures for his dating profile. Unfortunately he couldn't pay and he wasn't photogenic at all. So with alittle help from my magic, I was able to get him to pose for the perfect picture (Rp)
A customer would not stop complaining about how an outfit I sold him shrunk in the wash. He was threatening to get me fired, and I was just fed up by it. I gave him a new outfit, and my contact info. Once he put it on though, things would change for him, proven by this picture he sent (Rp)
My mother makes potions for a living, and as it turns out, one day when I was helping her, she was making a permanent body swap potion for some client. As I was helping her, there was an earthquake, and the potion fell all over us, causing us to swap bodies. (Rp in dms)
2 petite shemales barebacked by one dick
We body swapped so I could see what a blow job feels like
I woke up this morning to a strange feeling between my legs and my body shaking. I look around and instantly notice several things. 1.This is not my bedroom. 2.A hot girl is going to town on my pussy, and 3. I have a fucking pussy and tits! (RP)
It was no secret that my girlfriends best friend hated me. When she asked to meet at her favorite coffee shop I figured she wanted to patch things up between us. But somehow we swapped bodies. Going back Home wondering how we’re going to explain this. (Rp dm or chat)
My girlfriend and I had an age-gap were people thought we were mother-son. She was upset to the point where she drove us to a swap clinic and made me pick out a new body for her. She then insistent that she drove back nude so I could have a good look at her new body on the drive home.
[M4F] Possession Roleplay
March Contest Winner and April’s Contest ⭐️
Big Tits And Body Perfection...
(M4a) Can someone rp as an f for me i got a scenario dm for more details
I had just gone through second puberty my family is still adjusting to the new me and most of my friends just pretend I never existed well almost all but you… my best friend…. You were the only one who checked in on me and helped take care of me through my change…. (Rp )
Last thing I remember was jerking off to my friend’s girlfriend, and now i’m in their kitchen staring down at her tits through an apron. I screamed as I glanced at my reflection in the microwave, loud enough for you to walk in. Before I could even try to explain I felt your hand smack against my ass
“What are you doing? Why?” I say upset. My dad had completed his prototype consciousness implanted- capable of putting anyone inside a body. My girlfriend volunteered to test it but I watched you input his friends name into who would become her.
John thought you were his wife. He did not know you were experimenting with the Medallion. His kiss caused your body to tingle with pleasure. You lost yourself in his touch. You forgot you were not Stacy. Of course that led to you now standing here pregnant.Stacy took your life. She was now calling.
Horny For Her Best Friend's Mom
The pilot of a plane had a terrorist problem, so he moved the plane abruptly to make him lose balance, which worked as he fall and bumped with Taya, a passanger. Taya woked up very scared as people were beating her up, meanwhile the criminal locked himself in the bath exploring his new body.
Want to do a drugged bodyswap rp. I’m your loser roommate who plays games and jerks off all day. You got a xchange pill from some shady person. We can talk more about plot in dms. Kink list on profile.
Full Bodysuits were expensive but they looked amazing. So the only option I had was to buy one together with you, my roommate, and share the suit. When it arrived you had taken it quietly to your room and texted me to come to your door. You opened the doors and revealed the body we were gonna share
Great... I stole a leprechaun's gold and now he transformed me into a horny irish slut... (RP)
You just found an artifact that can alter the body and reality of the people you use it on. You also captured me, planning to slowly alter my life and body to your will, while enjoying to see me change. Turn me into your desires, but give me the details of it. (RP wanted)
That Was Entertaining
Ever since Jake joined the NuBody Gym, he's been seeing some major results! He started out as a 90-lbs weakling, but now he's so much happier, albeit dumber! Maybe it's the "protein shakes" they have in the showers; he can't seem to get enough, and everyone always leaves smiling!
After your family didn’t want us to hang out anymore, you texted me saying you had a plan. You had a guest over at your house for the weekend and wanted to body swap us. But after the swap had been done i didn’t know the guest was your milf of an aunt Sarah...
What if the price to pay for having any your wish fulfilled, was to be swapped into a busty woman ? Tell me your age and your wish, and I'll make sure it is completely fulfilled ! (Can lead to RP)
"That means I can keep them, right?" my neighbor, tired of her comfortable life convinced me to swap bodies permanently. Secretly I always had an obsession with her, so I am delighted with the deal.
I Worship Her Titties!
Any buds want to possess my girlfriend's best friend for me?
"Oh, daddy~" The woman riding my borrowed cock moaned. Neither of us knew how right she was. I took a trip to Exchange Island with my family. We all agreed to meet up the next day, but I decided to have some fun that night. Let's just say the meet up tomorrow is going to be awkward...
After his death in battle, the restless spirit of a samurai was trapped in his sword. His only hope of freedom was for the blade to be held in the hands of one of his descendants, but that would not happen 400 years, and the results were not what he expected (RP)
You had become so jealous of my girlfriend. She took away all our best friend game nights from you. Completely consuming my attention until there was none left for you to grasp onto. Little did I know how far you were willing to go to steal me back until I saw you out last night.
«Um..hi mum, I was just going out» I said. My sister had some plans for the weekend but then got grounded. So she turned me into a copy of herself while I was asleep. The moment I found out I was going to drag her back but didn’t realize that now I was grounded as well (rp)
I went to posses my sister as a revenge after she tattled on me for smoking weed, but was shocked to end up in her body licking her BF’s asshole with such pride. I now have dirt on her otherwise “Perfect and Prude” self image to use as an advantage.
When I swapped bodies with my best friend I always thought his sisters were cute but I didn’t know he had this relationship with them each one trying to hide it from the other but they didn’t know I wasn’t their brother when I first entered his house and I was forced into a closet I wonder why (rp)
[kik kagero7] it may not be my first choice but since the great shift I’ve been learning to like this body more and more it’s fun being 19 again
Was the usual late night drinking at the bar; we stumble out when I spot a remote with random buttons on it. Picking it up, I push one button and find you had turned into a woman. I push another button and your clothes disappeared. If you were not happy before, you sure were not happy now.
“OMG I woke up in this body and idk where I am or who I am!!” I post on her snap hoping someone can help me out! I bet to bed as a CEO of a gas company and now I’m this chick. Hopefully someone can help me out! (RP always open)
Being the only guy in a friend group of girls was always a bit awkward. We were all talking about getting a house together but the place they wanted to rent only accepted women.. so not wanting to be separated from my only friends I let them start "training" me, and now I feel better as a girl.
When my friend told me he was a body hopper I brushed him off, it sounded crazy! He said he'd prove it. Later I got a text from my sister with this pic and the message: "It's me! I told you I could hop bodies. You should have told me your sister was so hot, I would have shown you sooner!" (DM to RP)
I loved my girlfriend, Audrey, more than anything in the whole entire world. So, naturally, with her birthday coming up soon, I wanted to get her the best gift possible. What better gift than helping her swap bodies with the mean girl that used to pick on her in high school? (Start a chat to RP)
After he got swapped, my roommate lost his job and was having trouble finding another. So he found another way to pay rent and generate content for his new Onlyfans account. Funny thing is, I think he likes it just as much as I do.
I knew that job offer was too good to be true, my girlfriend was offered a contract at one of the largest tech companies. Little did I know that her contract contained a possession clause- allowing employees to use her body for a weekend. You’d just staggered in as her.
Daisy's dairy juggs
Body Swap and Possession Discord Server
When I swapped bodies with my best friend I didn’t know he had this relationship with his little sister I was so confused the first time she asked me to fuck her in my friends body well she didn’t know it was me
Telling your girlfriend's parents that you got her pregnant was one of the hardest things you ever had to do. The next morning, you awoke in her body! Her father explained that you would be doing the right thing and carry the burden. So you have adopted her life...including vacation with her family!
"Is this really happening...," I couldn't believe my reflection. My daughter's roommate had a thing for older men. When I rejected her advances, she also revealed that she dabbled in magic. She swapped our bodies and made it clear this was just the beginning of she had planned (RP)
You never expected a ghost to be living inside the supermarket. You also didn’t expect it to shoot out of a milk carton and possess you. It then started to behave like this, intending on ruining your reputation so it can take your body for itself. (RP)
I swapped bodies with my beautiful girlfriend. I was so in love this her and her money, that just being her turned me on. So when she told me we couldn’t have sex and I couldn’t touch myself, I had to do the unthinkable. Now I’m cheating on her with my friends, and I love cock more than love itself
“Who’s this one? Where’d you find her?” I ask, you were my roommate, a Possession Pill addict, dragging yourself in a new girls body through the door after doing unspeakable things for the last few hours.
The bet ended weeks ago. The pill should have worn off. You should be sleeping in your own bed… but here you are, dolled up, between my knees, meeting our terms again. Let’s keep it up.
My parents has been telling me all winter about my brothers big change. How he just needed something different. They were very nonchalant about it all so when I showed up for summer vacation, I was not prepared for what I saw out by the pool
«Oh… hi mum, I was… I thought you went to your meeting» I said. My sister had some plans for the weekend but then got grounded. So she swapped us bodies while I was asleep. The moment I found out I was going to drag her back but didn’t realize that now I was grounded as well…
My best friend had messaged me to come over late that night, after zero contact in over a month. His dad was working on some crazy experiment and it cause the whole household to swap bodies: he was in his mother’s body. I walk into his room to this sight; what did he have planned for tonight?
So I have a bit of a issue. I used a Spell to turn my bully into a girl, and now… she’s still my bully, but she’s also my girlfriend? Apparently it also changed her other friend…. So now I have two mean but cute girlfriends, and I don’t know how to turn them back. (RP)
I was trying to enjoy my vacation at some island my coworkers told me to go to. I checked in and then next thing I know I’m at the beach as this girl! I feel amazing. We felt a rumble and the staff said everyone’s stay is now free. They didn’t tell us the device for swapping everyone broke (RP)
“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this ridiculous idea!” I whispered as we walked into the gala. “I can barely walk in these things and I have no idea how to behave like a chick, much less your girlfriend! Wait, what? Behavioral modification? What do you…oouugh!” Suddenly I felt dizzy. (RP)
I had tried to do a swap spell with my friend’s mom to prank him, but I was an idiot and didn’t specify which mom I wanted to swap with. So now I’m stuck in the body of a total stranger. I think I’m supposed to be going out for a night on the town with my new “husband.”
As Best Man for my Cousins wedding, it was my job to plan the Bachelor Party. I got lazy and went with an “All in One” Party service who took care of all lodging, dinner reservations and transportation. I must have checked the “Bachelorette party” by accident. So far the weekend has been fun.
I need a good bud to become my irl crush as I make you my girl and use you. romantic rp too. please kik wereartthou or snapchat hellothere24242
I’m an awful person. I deserve this. My buddy’s wife and I have been secretly fucking. Last week while kissing we somehow swapped bodies! Now I’m stuck living her life, avoiding my buddy’s touch… until now. He walked up to me naked, dick fully erect. I begrudgingly caved to his expectations
I love golfing your dad owned the biggest golf course in the country. your dad wasn’t giving you money anymore you knew how much hot girls at the range made from old rich dudes so you got me a body suit and told your dad your girlfriend needed a job you needed the interview to go perfect (rp open)
For swap class we needed to make a video assignment about the parts of the experiment which we had the most trouble with. For me it was definitely the bra’s. Wearing them the entire day, putting them on and off was a pain. Still I bet all guys in class loved to having this problem in Emily’s body.
Emma Hix BJ
My ex still hadn't gotten over me and hated my new girlfriend. So one day she said I had to make a choice fuck my mom or my girlfriend. What I didn't know is she had swapped their bodies and was forcing me to choose one. How am I supposed to do this. (DM)
"Looking good Rachel. Thanks for the night out" I text my old phone along with a selfie. My coworker wanted a night by herself and I wanted to go out, so she swapped our bodies! I hope her friends are as hot as she is, and that she won't mind when I stop by on my way home
Against my better judgment, o agreed to do as you asked. You dressed me up in this suit, glammed me up into a total smoke show for... for what? What’s your endgame here? It’s getting kind of hot in this suit...
"I'm in, but it seems she was going out so we have to be quick" I texted my friend. Our college classmate wasn't willing to share her class notes with us so we used your device to let me posses her and sent them to us (rp)
When me and my friend went to the swap festival I thought it would be an awesome idea. I loved it more when I swapped with a ripped guy. I went back to our meeting point and saw this girl rolling her eyes My friend swapped with a chick its hilarious. (RP)
I told my friend not to go into the pod in his crazy scientist dad's basement but he didn't listen. He went in the pod and I saw a bright flash inside. I was surprised when a girl who kind of looked like my friend came out. I guess the machine changes your gender. (RP)
You weren't kidding babe. Dinner and dancing is so much more fun as you. Hurry up and get us home so we can get me out of this dress and finish the night properly
Lockdown? Oh yes, I'm locked down for Daddy [MF]
We were getting ready to start college as roommates when second puberty hit me…but we’re still roommates
Would you please make me stop dancing? When you said you needed some motivation at the gym I didn't thought you would use your magic at me again. Being a topless girl in public is very embarassing!
I’m still not sure why but my girlfriend from over 2 years suddenly got way more active after her grandfather passed away. Something about ‘living while young’. She is way more obsessed with looking in the mirror than before, almost as if she is checking herself out.
“My eyes are up here fuckface… now what’s the job” I say, I was a Hopper for Hire, anything from party dates to scams- I was your man. You were just picking me up in my new vessel for your week long job.
When my friend told me he was a body hopper I brushed him off, it sounded crazy! He said he'd prove it. Later I got a text from my sister with this pic and the message: "It's me! I told you I could hop bodies. You should have told me your sister was so hot, I would have shown you sooner!"
It’s the weirdest case of Siamese twin ever. My sister and I share the same body, but it changes whenever the other person takes over. One day, my sister went silent, and I was able to access her body for once. I can definitely say, I love this more than my own body. I love being my older sis
[Relative disaster] You've heard of the shift ruining thousands of lifes and improving many more, your life was ruined. Your girlfriend was shifted with your asshole uncle, you didn't tell anyone because it was too embarrassing, because of that you are now going on a date with her. (RP)
I loved golfing your dad owned the biggest golf course in the country and your dad wasn’t giving you allowance anymore you knew how much hot girls at the range made from old rich dudes so you got me a body suit and told your dad your girlfriend needed a job you needed the interview to go perfect
Alice's father was taking her daughter to a costume party when they got involved in a car accident. After waking up, they were at the backseat of a car and their hands were handcuffed, but their shock were bigger when they found their old bodies exploring themselves at one side of the road.
I was on a date with my gf when I suddenly found myself in the body of some girl sitting near us, and now she’s pretending to be me and my gf thinks I’m just some crazy girl! Even worse she seemed to know things only I should know, what am I going to do...? (dm/RP)
For some reason this woman was infatuated with my girlfriend. Those feelings obviously weren't reciprocated. It's then that this woman decided that she'd get with her by becoming me. She entered my room and undressed, appearing to cast a spell. Next thing I knew, I was looking at myself...
I was so tired of you checking out my sister and talking about how hot she was. It infuriated me to my core every time you did it. Until one day I could take it any longer and cast a spell turning you into her. We'll see how much you like it. (Rp)
[M4A] Ever since you took over her body my valedictorian daughter's been skipping class and spending time with strange men. "I know you miss your sweet little girl," you said as I confronted you, "But give me a chance, daddy, and you'll see that your new, naughty slut of a daughter is WAY more fun!"
Was home alone when I got hit by The Great Shift: not only found myself in a new body but in the company of a woman. With the look on her face, she probably got swapped too just as they were finishing up their fun.
You'd been the best friend ever since I got the gender flu. You didn't even know me but when you heard you were getting a new roommate who'd switched genders, you immediately made me feel welcome. You taught me and pushed me when it came to being a girl. You even picked out this dress for me! BFFs!
"Bro, we've been hiking for DAYS. We're out in the middle of nowhere and we're tired, we deserve to cool off. Hop in! ... what's wrong? Why are you looking at me like that?"
Had The Internet Broken For A Good Week After This Drop
it was nice seeing your dad and your wife finally getting along, they'd always hated eachother but now after your dad spent some of his life savings on countless surgeries to become her twin sister things have been perfect between them, now if only you could tell who's who...
My friend was getting annoyed, saying it was his turn on the game, although I strongly disagreed. I disagreed so much, I figured he could play a different game. Make me cum before the match ends or he stays this way forever. (Rp)
Possession software was illegal but that doesn’t mean there wasn’t a black market. I’d requested that you, a professional possessor would become my neighbour and dress up as my date for party.
I was sitting on the toilet when I got a message from an unknown number. It read: ”good luck with your life Alicia!” I thought it was just sent to the wrong number but before I could send a reply I blacked out and woke up like this! Someone is banging on the door: hurry up Alicia! What do I do?
Helen Cross was all alone, standing on the subway and reflecting back on the lingerie photo shoot that she had just done. While this had not been “the big break,” she had been hoping for, at least it was a step in the right direction. Living in her mind, she had no idea she was being followed.
It was no secret that my girlfriends best friend hated me. When she asked to meet at her favorite coffee shop I figured she wanted to patch things up between us. But somehow she swapped our bodies and left quickly. I gotta get back to Hanna’s before she finishes whatever her plan is. Rp
Today was my 20th birthday, the day everyone was required to go to the Swap Clinic to be matched with perfect life. Except, my father had already bribed the clinic and had picked out the life I'd be matched with. So here I was, back at home, reading the file they gave me explaining my new life (RP)
apparently when I was drunk after a party last night I went to InkShift, a tattoo parlor that mixes in a chemical to their ink, morphing your body to perfectly fit your tattoos, guess the ones I picked out were a bit too girly...
The great shift caused a really weird change in my relationship... My girlfriend and I were having sex when it hit, and I came thinking about her best friend (Left) leaving me stuck in her body, I thought my GF would be mad... but she came thinking of one of my friends (Right), Now were lesbians...
25f Swap into my boyfriend's ex girlfriend's body and come make me jealous!
You couldn't belive it, world famous super spy, your mentor, Jack bond was captured months ago and no one could find him, until this busty Asian chick got dumped at HQ with his badge, since he trained you, you were assigned to watch him until they figured out what was done to him.
You had become so jealous of my girlfriend. She took away all our best friend game nights from you. Completely consuming my attention until there was none left for you to grasp onto. Little did I know how far you were willing to go to steal me back until I saw you out last night.
Your family had been pressuring you to get a girlfriend for a vacation at the beach house. In a pinch, you knew I loved any opportunity to wear my new bodysuit. “I promise I won’t overdo it, okay? Now do you mind? You’re blocking my sun...”
Wanting to make my fiancé happy I agreed to spend the day with her best friend to get to know her better. It was a pretty fun day til we both grabbed a necklace at a street shop, somehow causing us to swap bodies. Now going back to our apartment trying to figure out how to tell her.
This is embarrassing! All my exs teamed up and give me an x change pill without me knowing, now they are watching me get fucked by two of my exs current boyfriends
I new when my girlfriend was all of a sudden nice to me she was up to something one morning I wake up like this and a text from my girlfriend saying “see ya loser I’m off with Mike enjoy you new body bitch” below was a image of a black guy with a giant cock with my girlfriends face next to it.Rp/ama
me and my friends always wanted to make it big with our music, but metal is an oversaturated genre, plus my heart just wasn't in the whole death growl stuff, I loved pop music, so when the fose hit and my band saw me on stage in my favorite singers body they were furious, said I sold out.
My best bud and my wife have been hanging out a lot and something seems off. So I decided to possess my buds daughter to get to see what’s really going on. I didn’t realize his daughter was so sexy….and horny.
When I swapped bodies with my best friend I always thought his sisters were cute but I didn’t know he had this relationship with them each one trying to hide it from the other but they didn’t know I wasn’t their brother when I first entered his house and I was forced into a closet I wonder why (rp)
Me and my girlfriend were at the mall. We were there because there was an outfit that my girlfriend wanted. As we walk around it seems like a normal day until I see a weird thing floating around it flies into my girlfriend. She looked down at her hands and grinned when she saw her chest. (RP)
Whose body is this? am I dreaming? it is a nice dream though, I love this body!❤️ [...] after 10 days I've started enjoying my body,going to the beach and fucking hot guys and sucking BBC! I love this body!❤️♠️
[M4A] You swapped bodies with your mom and adjusting to your new life hasn't been easy. Who knew life as a housewife would be so exhausting? Then again, this has been a great 'bonding experience' for you and your father.
The Trait Exchange - Part Three
My friends drugged me with a pill cocktail of XChange, Viagara, and Xanax. The XChange and Viagra made me only partially change and Xanax clouded my judgment when they took advantage of me. Worst part is they knew about the Cum Lock and still creamed my ass…. Now I’m stuck like this.
Catching Estrogen Flu was shocking and a terrible 2 weeks of transformation. Now that the change is complete I’m not mad at the hottie I’ve become. Plus these workout sets are more fun to wear than Gymshorts and a Muscle shirt.
I was at home cleaning my apartment when I found one of my ex girlfriends romance novels. Looking for any reason to take a break I started reading it. Wow it’s actually kinda good, maybe another chapter wouldn’t hurt. (Rp)
I'm not afraid to admit I've been seeing an older woman in secret. One night she suggested I buy these pills for her that would make her 18 again. I came home the next day shocked to find a young woman in my house. I was more shocked when I learned it was my mom. (DM)
what the fuck? whose body is this? Well, I might enjoy though, I could go to the beach with a bikini...fuck hot guys like a whore and suck so many cocks ❤️
Our father was tinkering something in the basement. And in a fight, my sister and I fell down the stairs and hit the machines, causing it to activate and switch our bodies. We tried hiding what happened, but it only suppressed all the hormones and passion until we lost each other in ourselves
“Ok now come straight home after work I know how to swap us back!” My mom texted me from my old phone. I planned this swap and I wasn’t going to let her ruin it on me. I reply “don’t wait up son….” And lock her phone with a smirk on my face. (Rp)
(F4A) Let’s try a Body Possession RP in Media, anime or video games with canonical characters!
Exactly 7 years ago me and my Brother wanted to prank friends and swap bodies. But instead of 7 days he cast a spell for 7 years. We accepted our faith and tried to adjust. Today we finally swap back! That idea makes me so excited! Just can't wait to be back home And be a woman again! (Open rp\AMA)
[MintoF4M] Miraculously your roommate (M) has turned into your dream celebrity overnight. Having talked about this hypothetically in the past, you decided to do him a solid… (RP)
I was confused why you had called me back home. I was busy with graduate school. I had heard you and mom were fighting. Yet I didn’t expect to see you like this. You told me over text something about you having a second puberty. “Dad is that you?” I ask softly. (Detailed RP, dm me your responses)
I am taking a gender studies class for college. Part of the class is experiencing life as the opposite gender. I love being a woman. Even edging is 10x better than a male orgasm. (RP)
Me, your girlfriend and you decided to go to that concert together last night. We all got split up and when we reunited, your girl, Alayna, was acting off. This morning, when I woke up and walked out of my room in our apartment, I walked in upon this sight. “Hey… Alayna, are you alright?” (Open RP)
I’m new to this server i hope to find someone rp for me as her dm
"Is a skinsuit neccasary for me to be a assistant? Why cant i do this as guy?" I asked you, i had just got a job at your compan and as part of my 'uniform' you made me wear a skinsuit of your dream girl whilst i work to both fufill your fantasies and get revenge for me bullying you in highschool(Rp)
I wanted the power. Fairy trapping is a hard, but rewarding practice. I found out of their existence from an old textbook. If you capture one, and then crush it, you take its magic power. It took weeks, but my cunning and iron bested it. When it was dead, however, I also received its bodily form
After coming out from the gas station I noticed a guy attempting to use my gas pump for his car. Seems he was looking for free gas. I'm a nice guy, and I decided to give him the means to work for some free gas. Maybe i'll even be his first customer and give her a ride. (Rp)
Holy shit, this new virtual reality technology is amazing. Two little contact lenses, and it completely changes how I see and feel myself. I can feel two round female breasts on my chest, my lack of beer belly, the breeze against my smooth legs, and even the smooth mound between my legs. (RP)
When my sister in law told me we were 100% swap compatible I was shocked, even moreso when she asked me to go to the clinic with her, I couldn't say no but I don't think my brother, or I guess, husband, will approve of this.
You, my best friend were somewhat of a local celebrity, unable to go anywhere without being swamped by crowds. That was until I found a second hand bodysuit for you to wear when we went out, now I barely see the original you.
[M4A] Ever since you took over her body my valedictorian daughter's been skipping class and spending time with strange men. "I know you miss your sweet little girl," you said as I confronted you, "But give me a chance, daddy, and I'll show you how much more fun naughty little slut like me can be"
What is even happening! After I got second puberty, my girlfriend said she wanted to just be friends. I didn’t really blame her, but it still sucked. I took a shower after she told me…and suddenly her roommate comes in, and she’s hitting all the right buttons on this body. What do I do?
I wanted to fuck my friends wife so I swapped with him... I did not expect to see this, I tried to talk things down a little bit I was gagged. as I looked at her my body lit up with tingling and aching, wanted her so bad my balls ached then I looked down and realized I was wearing a cock cage.
Hope you like my uniform ;)
Using your brilliant genius and skill, you made a filly functional android. But there is one issue, the AI is actually your Ex girlfriends current boyfriend, his soul was stuck in your creation and it turned into code. Luckily you have full control of them. "Good morning Master" (RP)
In the year 2042, health insurance companies provide ‘loaner’ bodies while your real body gets medical treatment. But they still make mistakes at times. This wasn’t the body they promised you!
My buddy seemed surprised: he was interested in me but I was straight, so he went and got a bodysuit with a figure he thought I might like. Of course we got intimate when he got to my place with it on, but he did not warn me about the cum-lock on the suit.
(RP) I discovered a lamp in an old box of unwanted items one day, and joking rubbed it while wishing that my dream girl would magically appear in my apartment. As soon as I made the wish, my roommate screamed. "What happened to me?! I'm...a woman?" Did I really get my wish? Guess I'll check...
On the road, I saw a girl, and I stopped to see what it was. It was only the skin of a person, artificial. I touched it, and in moments, it covered me and I became her, being knocked out. I woke up and learned it was created by a crazed scientist, and the last wearer escaped. Now, I have to escape
You'd been telling me all week about this new bodysuit you had ordered but I didn't believe you. Changing a body's shape, behaviors and voice? I didn't buy that for a second. That was until you sent me this video and a text saying "It arrived ;)"...
(M4a) playing f Can someone rp for me
“You never told me she had glasses! She looks good in them, how come she never wore them?” After the Great Shift landed me in your girlfriend’s body, I kept coming to you for questions and advice. You had no clue how to tell me how awkward it was getting!
Can someone rp as an f for me dm for more details
After the raid on Liberio, Marley unleashed its newest weapon against the Eldian traitors - a new type of gun which would allow the user to possess and control the body of anyone it shot. You have been entrusted with it… who do you possess? (RP)
Seeing your father by the pool in a bikini only served to highlight how fucked up this was. Years of savings, enough to buy a new house, all flushed down the drain for a "fresh start". Namely buying a brain transplant with a student from his college class.
After 10 years of bodybuilding I became a really big and strong guy. But then... the great shift hit and I became this lady. Could ve been worse but not a bodybuilding type. So I found out I'm a good swimmer now! Still feels awkward to wear such a revealing suit but I'm sporting again! (Open rp\ama)
[Stoners and celebs] The award winning actress Margot Robbie has willingly swapped her body with a supporter of legalisation of weed. The person inside her body has decided to continue acting in her place, all while holding interviews and smoking on the job. She's currently on a talk show. (RP)
As me and my friend were walking everything was fine and we were heading to hang out. I hear a strange sound and look over and found that where my friend was a girl was there. She looks down and rolls her eyes, apparently my friend has a curse where he turns in and out of a female. (RP)
(M4a)rp Can someone take care of me i’m horny
“This is the dress you brought to the party, of course you wont be returning home with it it after I accidentally cream myself and shove you out of your body via FOSE” (DM/RP)
Sharing a body with my twin sister has its ups and downs. On one hand, I can shift between our bodies at will, but on the other her personality is becoming more dominant. I'm usually in control, but she's getting stronger. I think she's developed a crush on you.
When I applied for college, I wanted to study abroad. So I checked the box for “interested in Xchange program”. When I got to school, they handed me a pill and a room assignment. I went in the room and took the pill. Now I’m a chick for at least one whole semester! I wonder who my roommate is. (RP)
Confess your sins and ask for forgiveness or Remark your good deeds and get rewarded. I am the one who is and I will give you that what you deserve. Perhaps even I may lend you my power so I can finally get what I am worth
I had signed up for a semester in swap class hoping it would allow me to get into the body of the girl I had a crush on. She was one of the popular girls so I had no chance. Everything was fine until they finally swapped everyone I realized to my horror my sister took the class too. (DM for RP)
My sister had her suspicions about her boyfriend’s infidelity, so she asked me to go “undercover” in my high-end bodysuit and see if I could find out the truth. If only she knew “that little home wrecker slut” has been me in my suit the whole time!
Your parents needed you to get a girlfriend, so they hired me! You began reading the brochure. Here at GirlfriendsOnDemand™ we’re committed to providing you the best experience money can buy. Warning! Please do not tamper with performer’s suit or compromise their identity. Liability may be incurred.
Being rich wasn’t all it was cracked up to be, that was until I’d invented a possession gun, using it on you, a young intern to put you in new bodies to accompany me to business events. “I hope you like your new body” I chirp as you got into the cab.
Dirty shemales double penetrating a crazy squirter slut – Ella Hollywood,Izzy Wilde and Adira Allure
"See? Look who's not so innocent after all~" I giggled, biting my lip as you came onto my chest. After taking over your grandma's body, I bet you that I could make you cum~ It was your grandma, so of course you said you wouldn't cum, but I easily made you blow your load in a few minutes~ (RP)
“..don’t what me, I thought you said I was too old for teddies you hypocrite.” It’s been a couple of hours since me and my brother randomly swapped bodies, I blame our constant arguments. “..Do you think I can sleep in here with you tonight, your room really smells of boy and god knows what else..”
I found myself a job as a babysitter but I had no idea what I was getting myself into. When I excepted the job the mom swapped our body’s and now I have to watch over this brat for the whole weekend!
Census Poll: When did you join this subreddit? Answer below
After me and my brother swapped bodies I walked in not even an hour later and found him like this “what are you doing with my body” I say (rp)
All you wanted to do was satisfy your girlfriends insatiable need for snacks but the moment you open the fridge you hear a sound from your dads laboratory you had to investigate.. a door on one of two pods wide open.. the second you go to close the door someone pushes you inside of the machine..
Me and my twin sister got gender swapped by our mom so we can understand the opposite gender, I look identical to my dumb sister except I have a massive ass, look how tight her shorts are on my bubble butt
I had swapped with my wife for our anniversary, to experience life from the other's eyes. We hadn't realized we would, or even could, get cumlocked into the other's body. Or that she was ovulating when we did. 6 months later, and I'm home, sending sexy videos to my "hubby" to hurry him home.
“Remember all those years you bullied me,that’s me on my back enjoying your gf” I used a spell to swap me into your sisters body and I turned your girlfriend into a horny lesbian “try not to get erect over your little sister moaning from your girlfriend’s tongue work” I send you this video
After being diagnosed with a terminal illness and spending 6 months in a comma, one day I woke up in the body of an +18 yo girl. She had been declared brain-dead after a tragic car accident and the doctors transplanted my mind to her body. Although I was +30, I now have to go to high-school, again!
Rachel was a reverse hopper. This meant that anyone who touched her would be able to possess her body indefinitely. Thankfully there was medicine against this but today she forgot to take it! Some guy grabbed her, and… began to do this in the park! She could only watch horrified in her head… (RP)
My sister kept bragging about how she didn’t have to work because of her rich husband. So I decided to use my body swap device and take a little vacation in her body. Maybe even give her husband a little thank you gift….
Waking up in the morning in a new, feminine body? And a new apartment? Unexpected. Suddenly being more horny than I have ever felt in my life? Strange. Being unable to control myself and these urges? Scary. But how does it all feel, you might ask?... really really good, honestly.
I was at home watching videos of Rosi Karter kiss when the Fose struck, I blinked and suddenly I was in her body, I couldn’t believe my luck , I loved her body , now I was seeing it from a completely new angle,
After I lost mt car in that accident I needed my friend to drive me around, I wanted to get myself a drink anyway so I knew he would probably want one too. I texted him to come pick me up and take me there. I was a bit surprised when his sister showed up in his car. Apparently she stole his body. RP
After the great shift a lot of people fell into pretty unhealthy habits. I was swapped into my girlfriend's (who was lucky enough not to swap) younger sister, who was known for having huge amounts of energy. The only relief I got in this body was working out, so I was at the gym near constantly.
Ever since I used that weird helmet, I had been in the body of my neighbor Emily. She has a rather… intriguing body. I knew to leave I just had to remove the helmet from my body but why should I? I mean… she’s not aware, right? (She is. And she isn’t happy). (RP)
"Hey guys so guess what? I partnered with Tiffany, yeah I know right?! I thought so too, anyways it turns out she stuffs her bra, yeah that rack you've all been staring at? Deception. Look at how small they really are. You wanna come over? I could use a little help with my anatomy HW"
My ex was jealous of the relationship I had with my current girlfriend and wanted to see me suffer so one day she showed up at my work and put her hand on me and told me to enjoy my punishment when I woke up reality had shifted I’m now my exs little sister nobody remembers otherwise except for us
My sister took me halfway across the world to this restaurant in Europe that she claimed changed her life when she was studying abroad. Skeptical, I tasted what was before me, eyes shut, not noticing that the moment my lips touched it my body changed. She was right, it was good!
"See sis? I told you I could shapeshift! But uh, the problem is it lasts a year, hope you don't mind being a twin. Let's go shopping, you can pick out my outfit so I can go on your date tonight!"
I had gone to a ton of festivals and have grone bored of them. That's when I decided to try that new XChange drug. Now the experience is brand new again! I have so many options as Vanessa, I could wear skimpy clothing and dance with everyone. There is so much fun bubbling in me!
Me and some friends had been swapped, I was settled in but I felt a big camp trip would do us some good, then Eric started talking about being the only girl and that no one could here her scream. I gotta say it felt weird to see my cute old body tied to a tree, but she brought the rope and tape.
it's horrible being in the past... especially when your in a cartoon world where your forced to be a klutzy bimbo. I used to be a professional archer now I can't shoot one arrow without my skirt going up or a guy hitting on me... (RP)
I received a random message. ‘Dude, I have no idea how but I ended up in the body of the girl I was hitting on last night. She said I should treat woman better and see how it’s like being hit on by sleazy guys. Help!’
I woke up and everything felt off... first off this isn't my room second off my hair feels longer. I went to the bathroom to investigate and to my horror somehow I was in the body of the girl that's stalking me. (DM for RP)
I misused my alchemist powers. Now I'm stuck in this woman's body and I lost my memory. I don't remember my name or anything in the old world. I'm just a dumb girl. Can you help me sir? (DM)
The University screwed up our diplomas and gave us girls’ names instead of our own. Rather than throw a fit, the three of us all got new bodies at the clinic to better fit our new names!
Me and my gf were having a lot of fun with my new bodysuit, it was a major disappointment that I wasn't sexually attracted to girls in it but my gf joked about bullying me and my stomach started to flutter, I was so tiny now suddenly I saw the power shift and I almost fainted.
Oops I'm Eighteen Again! [Role Play]
Ever since I caught the slut flu, I've been dying to get bred. Luckily, you, my boyfriend are able to continue fucking me by stealing other's bodies. (Open for RPs.)
I had bought a super realistic suit of my best friend’s mom. t first it was just for fun, but now I think I want to take my scheme a little further. This prank is going to be epic! There’s no way he’ll be able to tell it’s me!
After turning me into a girl, my sister made me suck her boyfriends cock to teach me a lesson. “I’m sorry sis pls don’t make me do it”. (RP)
“God, you’re a fucking idiot” I moan in our new feminine voice. You’d signed us up for SwapTours- a service to see the sights in Europe by hitchhiking other peoples body’s- you didn’t tell me you’d cut costs by making us share one.
My parents had promised to let me use our boat for a fishing trip. But my sister threw a fit and convinced them to let her and dumb friends take it out instead. So to get back at her, my friends and I decided to possess them. I wonder what we can get up to in these hot bodies?
(M2F) 4 F (or any maybe) closeted trans girl hoping to swap with a female!
Magic has other plans- Part 6 (Interactive)
Bodyswap possession Ritual
After the accident at the lab, you (my buddy) and I, both got the superpower to become any girl we want to. It is embarrasing to admit in front of others but also... a waste to not use it for each other, in turns, isn't it?
It was an incredibly important day for you! After a great job interview, your new boss was giving you a tour around the store! Too bad I, a former employee of the store, was determined to mess up you overtaking my old position. It was time I take over the boss's body~ (RP in comments)
After I accidentally killed Dr. Robert's daughter he abducted me and to take his revange he transformed me into this beautiful women using his medical expertise. It's been 4 year I had been kept locked in his house and slowly learning this new way of life. (inpired from movie: The skin I live in.)
[M2F4A] An unfortunate swap..
Lily used to use astral projection to take over bodies to use them to fuck herself and try some things that would make her feel pain like anal. It was in one of her daily sessions that she took over the body of her neighbor. What she didn't was aware of was that he would possess her body back.
It's gone... there's nothing between my legs... I shouldn't have doubted her when she said she would actually swap our bodies. She doesn't intend for us to stay like this, right? I'm not planning on living the rest of my life as some flabby old woman!
My recent robbery landed me in some heat with the police. I found the body of an 18 year old high school girl to be a great way to lay low. Spring break is going to be great… (RP)
My cousin and I had a tradition where we would swap with each other during family vacations. It started as a joke to see how long it would take for people to discover but we really liked being each other. During the last vacation we decided to stay swapped until the next one.
I was never all that proud of my son, he was always getting into trouble. I always just wanted a daughter. Picking him up after he got in trouble for not wearing his uniform yet again was the final straw. Today began a new chapter in his life, where he'd be Daddys good girl. (Rp)
My brother said that the reason I never got a girlfriend was because of the way I dressed, had tattoos, piercings, etc. I decided to take his advice in the wrong way. I figured why not get a girl who matches my appearance. Though instead I sorta made one, infact, I made him one. (Rp)
The PossessionPill rules in France were a lot looser, meaning that perverts from all over the world would converge there and use them to possess the first body that took their fancy off the plane. Unfortunately, you’d taken a fancy to my new girlfriend.
After having an argument with my girlfriend I go to you for advice. It seems you had a fight with yours too "Damn I wished we could understand them better" (Rp)
There was a sudden chemical spill in the ocean: sirens going off requesting people to get out of the water immediately. I managed to get out safely: my friend not so much. Before he made it to the shoreline his appearance was 100% female. He was not happy about the situation.
While on a shopping trip with your mom, the two of you went through the Halloween isle, not realizing there was a real ghost lurking around~ That ghost possessed your chubby mom, eager to mess with you as it pulled her pants down and continued to walk like nothing happened~ (RP in comments)
I found this single woman online asking for some help around the house with due to her pregnancy. She lived closeby, so I decided to go for some easy money. When I arrived she gave me a thorough look and smirked, saying I would definitely be a great help. Before I knew it, I was looking at myself...
Egypt was where his fiancé wanted to get married. The wedding was only a few days away. They decided to explore old Egyptian ruins with friends and family. Not knowing the old spirts roam the area. His fiancé and him were separated for a few mins. Which was enough time for one of them to posses her.
I didn't make the most money, and lived in a rather small place. My friends never had anywhere to sit, and with the latest complaint about it, i'd had enough. So, I gave my friend a seat...and a job. (Rp)
I screwed up big time. I came across a magic store and bought some stuff. One thing I got was a spell book and I couldn’t understand it at all, but I did manage to read a spell… one that changed me into a girl… oh crap my roommate is coming! (RP)
You had gone to tons of festivals before and have grown a little tired of them. That's when you had the idea of taking that new XChange drug. Now the experience is brand new again. I have so many options as a girl, so much fun bubbles in me I can barely contain it!
Ever since getting swapped with my friend’s wife after the great shift, I’ve been making his life hell, I sent him this video with this caption “how does it feel that I’m in your wife’s body, making her squirt and cream, while you’re alone, you’ll never be able to touch your wife’s pussy ever again”
"Do you think this was a good enough sad face? They all seemed to believe it..." I went on swapping with the stars! But I had a secret... the reason I went on the show was because I knew I was gonna die soon... now I just had to convince everyone I didn't know that I'd be stuck like this...
After years of experiments, I had finally done it. I made a device that could alter time and reality, but needed a genetic focal point to follow. Unfortunately, it still has hugs as it looks like I accidentally brought my 23 year old Grandmother into my time... Didnt know she was this hot...
when we swapped i had no idea our genitals would get so mixed up lol
My daughter had a really weird kink. She was leaving for her anniversary date with her boyfriend when she had me read from an old book. When I finished, I was in her body. I wanted to look around and see where she went, but I had no control. I hear her voice in my head. “You in there daddy?” (RP)
As my previous host’s ship crashed on this planet, I had to look for a new body. After weeks of trying to find a compatible host, I ended up finding one and she is for some reason into the idea of being taken over ! (RP)
My best friend became this really cute, chubby girl. It was really nice to see him… uh, her that happy. How do I tell her that she accidentally sent this to me, and that I think I’ve gotten feelings for her?
My sister and I got into a huge argument last night and she told me I would regret it… I woke up this morning in her body and surprisingly I’m not mad about it. Im going to have lots of fun;)
My roomate says his powers aren't working so I'm stuck in this body. I'm starting to think he's lying about his powers though.
The great shift pushed a goth girl into a models body, giving her a new canvas for her self destructive tendencies. Ofcourse she slips into her old habits and links up with the harmful people of her old life!
(F4M) Lori’s nightmare of a day
I loved to help starving artists early in their careers. I often frequent lesser known galleries and buy assorted pieces. Except, this time, I didn't realize that buying the painting came with her body and life. Now she has ran off with my body, and I'm trapped as the struggling artist... (RP)
"Come on you know I still wanna be your Sugar Baby?" You used to sugar baby this girl, but then the great shift hit, putting me into her body... now you didn't know if you should keep spoiling me or not... I was super into it! "I'll be a good girl, I promise?"
My new fiancée was celebrating with her mother. They enjoyed hopping into one-another to test I loved her for more than just her body. Just not sure if it was her or her mother I proposed to.
Last night at a club I approached this goth girl, I told her she was my fantasy. She got creeped out and said "You will always be the fantasy of your nearest man" This morning I woke up as a woman, this must be my father fantasy's. What will happen when you knock on my door?
"Bro why can't I stop calling you Daddy" I say as I struggle to speak normally. I didn't know this suit you convinced me to try on came with controls.
It'd been a night of heavy drinking, and on the way home I started feeling very strange. A look at my reflection in the window told me someone must have slipped an X-Change in my last drink. Drunk and afraid I rush home, just for someone to force their way into my apartment as I open the door (RP)
I'd been doing homework for this girl since high school so when she went off to college, she begged me to follow. Her parents were loaded and influential so she claimed I could go for free. What I didn't know was that it's girl's college and her mom's drug company was also needed a lab rat. (LIT RP)
Losing my bet, I have you over the device we bet to let the winner use on the other. My gigantic and athletic frame slowly disappears in the curves of this petite girl with massive assets. I was laughing at it, until I noticed your grin, smashing the device, trapping me as her. "Bro... why ?" (RP)
You were left a weird lamp in your best friends will. (Open RP)
It took a few weeks, but I finally convinced my girlfriend to kiss me. She had refused ever since the great shift put me in her sister’s body, but I’m desperate for her touch (RP)
“Are we hot or what dudes?” Every year, our fraternity holds a Girl’s Night: we all take X-Change to ogle each other’s bodies and score free drinks at the club. But this year, someone messed with the pills…(RP)
“Oh my god! This gym membership was so worth it! I told my parents I’d get in shape in no time!!it’s only been like six weeks and look how cute my butt is! And my calves!!” I giggle as I take a selfie. I used to be an out of shape guy. Now I’m beautiful. (RP)
Welcome to my villa, I’m glad you could make it. Oh, no I’m afraid you can’t just come in, not like... that. Help yourself to a bodysuit and come join the fun!
One of my favorite musicians was performing at a VIP pool party in Vegas... but I had no chance of getting in. If only I had a super convincing and realistic bodysuit to help me sneak in... if only...
So I took over this lady and damn! She cheats on her husband a lot. I'm meeting up with this hunk who pays me so much! He loves my ass. I don't know why humans like that shit. Rp Wanted
Okay, I know I can be a bad roommate but I don’t deserve this, my roommate has some weird app that can transform people, he used it today and now I’m a girl, during the afternoon he decided to make my butt bigger and forced me to twerk for him, this is so humiliating
Look, standing here in this feminine body and arguing with my grandmother, who cursed me to look like this if I ever cheated on any girl I dated, wasn't my proudest moment. I felt so humiliated, but she simply laughed at me and told me I better get used to it!
I found a reality remote online I knew I needed to buy it and use it on my friend. Me and him go to the gym everyday and he always brags how much bigger he is then me. I swapped him with this hot latina on the treadmill, He now thinks he has always looked like her. (RP)
[F4A] Genderbent DC bimbos for sale!
Swapping with my hot, single aunt was insane. She had always complained about her life and I felt as if she deserved a break so we swapped bodies. I had been noticing her becoming more affectionate towards me and that was when I made my move. I got on my knees, fuck she came quick! (Rp wanted)
My ex transformed me into a gir, I put on my normal clothes but they were baggy on me, I started to walk to my ex’s to get answers, halfway through my walk she transformed my clothes, she didn’t give a bra, I felt my nipples poking through my thin shirt and my boobs kept bouncing
It was just a normal nighttime stroll. Weather was great, honestly was just in a good mood. Then something felt weird. It was like I had to relearn how to walk. I didn’t fall, just kinda lost myself for a second. Why is everyone looking at me but not making eye contact? (Open to RP)
Wow , I can’t believe that spell worked, I hated being a white man, I always loved ebony girls, now I am one , look how soft my body is, I look hot
I didn't make the most money, and lived in a rather small place. My friends never had anywhere to sit, and with the latest complaint about it, i'd had enough. So, I gave my friend a seat...and a job. (Rp)
(M4F) I Want To Wake Up As A Girl (RP)
My sister, her girlfriend, and my own girlfriend are all what is known as trait swappers. They can swap body parts with whoever they want even if the other person isn’t a swapper. It seems they’re always messing with me. I woke up like this. “Damn it. Who did this??” I shout across the house. (RP)
I went and stayed every summer with my Aunt in Spain. She was single and never did any house work, so I would do chores for her and in exchange I would also learn Spanish. While cleaning her house I found a “possession diary” she let all her exes possess her, now I’m about to ask her can I have a go
Like everything in life, the key to a great swap experience is balance of the body and mind. All boobs are beautiful, but some tit is certainly more fun than no tit. Too much tit, not so much. Also a flat slitted crotch is more practical pleasurable and resistant than dangling bits between your legs
What the hell is this!? I was out running when it started raining. If only I checked the weather app beforehand... Condemning myself, for a split second I wished that I didn't go out running so often. Instantly I found myself somewhere else... someone else... this is impossible! How did this happen?
I mean I don't have a type, but what I like about skinny chicks of big flappy tits is how much they bounce as you squirm towards a set of orgasms. The puffier their nipples, the more arousingly sensitive the bouncing is. Some even cum just from nipple play alone but I prefer to figure out their clit
After My friend took a perma Change pill and became a woman permanently, he became a model and a famous one. He is still a great friend and he still loves sports. He tries to take me to games and we get to sit court side he is the best. (RP)
I was never all that proud of my son, he was always getting into trouble. I always just wanted a daughter. Picking him up after he got in trouble for not wearing his uniform yet again was the final straw. Today began a new chapter in his life, where he'd be Daddys good girl. (Rp)
You had been dating my mom. I thought she was too good for you, so I broke you up. When you found out, you got your revenge by swapping me and her. "Isn't this enough?" I text you, hoping you'd end my torment and swap me back... (RP)
When I found the spellbook on campus, you didn't think it would actually work. The next day I texted you this picture. "Dark magic can do some crazy things dude. Maybe college will be a little more fun now."(RP)
How do I even begin to feel about this? I was hopelessly trying to invent a time machine to travel back before I asked out my best friend and crush, which ruined our relationship. But as I turned it on and traveled back, I landed in the same place as her, and we fused. Now I’m trying to adjust
Who dis
25f. Any bisexual guys want to possess her body and then sexually torment my step brother for me?!
6 months post-shift: we were shifted into a couple and got locked down in this apartment. With reversal now deemed impossible, our therapist suggested intimacy to get us accustomed to our new bodies. Revealing our naked bodies from under the covers, we examined our bodies and our bf/gf situation.
"I'm telling you, she has NO gag reflex!" I was bragging about my new girlfriend but then it turned into a dare. I took an XChange pill to prove it to you. I certainly wasn't expecting you to be that much bigger than me, but it paid off when I proved that I (she) could handle anything thrust at her.
My swap was going well, I had been keeping her out of trouble, but then the slut flu happened! I can't stop sending videos like this to all the guys in her phone. Every time I do, at least one guy comes over and has his way with me. This time three of them are on their way! Help, she'll be so mad!
Magical regulations weren't a thing about a year ago, when the discovery of magic occurred. My sister had found one that could swap bodies, and she out me in her best friend's body at uni. But before we could swap back it became illegal to use body manipulating magic, so I've been stuck.
A bunch of random items appeared all over the world that seemed to curse people to swap bodies with the person who found the twin item. Most of the items never found 2 owners, but I was somewhat unlucky. I found this necklace, and when I touched it I found myself across the country, as a woman!
Egypt was where his fiancé wanted to get married. The wedding was only a few days away. They decided to explore old Egyptian ruins with friends and family. Not knowing the old spirts roam the area. His fiancé and him were separated for a few mins. Which was enough time for one of them to posses her.
Keeley life.
“Moooom turn me back” I whined in my new high pitched voice, my turned me into a girl on my 18th birthday birthday, I sent my friend this picture “dude look what she did to me”
“Dude remember when you said I couldn’t come to your party because I wasn’t cool enough, how about now” I send him this video, I used a device to transform myself into a girl, now I can get whatever I want
"This is life!" The rich woman yelled after drinking one more bottle. "Diana, what got into you? We just got in the house!" The worried husband didn't know that a ghost possessed his beloved. "Shut up maggot! You don't see I'm trying to feel this milf tits." She said smashing the bottle on the floor
Sure it was a fun day to hang out with my friends at the park: But seeing all the couples around made me wish for more romance in my life. That’s when I noticed long hair touching my shoulders and the breeze going up my legs
It was the morning after a select few people around the world were given the opportunity to swap bodies with anyone they wanted. That's when you woke up and checked your messages with your mom to witness a horrifying video. Your mom had been swapped with the school bully's infamously horny GF~ (RP)
“Dude this isn’t what it looks like” my bro said, he blushed and looked extremely embarrassed, my little brother caught the gender virus and every day his body gets girlier and more feminine, today I walked in on him in red underwear and sucking a dildo
Your brother went through a second puberty and you want to be supportive. You just wish he wouldn't leave the door unlocked while he's showering, and doing shit like this when you come in. Sooner or later you're gonna have to show him you're willing to call his bluff.
My friend wouldnt shut up about this pearl necklace he wanted to get for his Mom. It was getting annoying when he kept asking if she'd like it. So, to test it, I had him become his Mom, though know he's getting a different pearl necklace. (Rp)
There was this milf in the neighborhood you were crazy about : you felt something else than love for her. Knowing this, I got out of my way to make you swap with her, as she wanted to escape her life for yours. Feeling your new shapes and frame, you open your eyes. (RP ?)
My wife wanted to explore her bisexual side, but neither of us were comfortable with her playing with somone else. Luckily, we managed to get our hands on some gender swap pills for me. My GOD, her hands are magic! (AMA)
There was a curse in our family that allowed the males to posses the females. My sister moved far away trying to get away from this curse and forget about it completely. My niece was however interested in meeting her family and sought out contact in secret. Her mistake, let’s visit my dear sister!
I frequently had sexual dreams and stuff, being a guy and al... but this time it's really been good for me... On a night where I had a really good dream about fucking my crush... the FOSE hit. A wet dream swapped us, and I woke up in her bed the next morning... "Oh fuck... this is perfect!"
After years of research, I managed to build a machine that transports the user back in time. On my first test run, I find myself as this girl in the 1980s. Only problem is, the machine isn't bringing me back to the present. (RP)
I was reading some old books in the school library when my dad apoached me yelling away at something I had done (he's a teacher) I called him a bitch and before my very eyes he turned into Mia Khalifa, he's still teacher but my bully keeps sending me weird images of him(RP)
I didn't like my little sister's boyfriend. He seemed too mean and condescending towards her. So I possessed her to break up with him. But when I saw him come into my room, it was as if all my masculinity and will was driven out of me. I understood my sister better now
While getting served dinner the waiter made a rather rude remark saying I should watch what im eating. So, if he wanted to be rude about others sppearances and meals, Perhaps I should give him a full course meal, via my magic. (Rp)
There you were, in your sister's body, her signature long, dark hair and all. You turned what was a basic hangout with one of her best friend's into your sister's first lesbian experience~ (RP)
Recently, with the advent of modern medicine, my little brother was taking X-Change Med to slowly and easily turn into my little sister. I’m happy for him, and he looks great. We’ve gotten a lot closer. But he’s been acting odd lately, and really touchy. I wonder if there are any side effects?
“Dude, you’re embarrassing yourself, your drunk.” I brought my friend along to a party tonight. The big issue is his insecurity. He bought a body suit beforehand to help with that, but after a few drinks, he’s lost it. “Dude, you’re not a girl, and get that guy’s dick out of your mouth, that’s gay!”
When I asked to switch bodies to spice up our sex, I didn’t expect for you to be so..excited. Turns out you suck cock better than I ever did, and having a cock is such a rush! (RP wanted)
New Body Swap and Possession Discord Server
[F4A] Genderbent DC bimbos for sale!
A long time rival of yours from school sent you a horrifying message this morning. You knew the swap had happened, but apparently he swapped with your crush! He sent you a video of him in the new body, shaking his tits for the camera. He couldn't wait to see how mad you were~ (RP in comments)
My boss (you) recently went through second puberty a few months ago. You and I video chat for meetings and i’ve been helping you through out your changes. You have gained a crush on me and you have a choice to keep it professional or to go with your feelings. What will you choose? (Rp)
[F4A] Genderbent DC bimbos for sale!
The idea was simple; 8 guys, 8 drinks with 5 having some X-Change added to them to have a fun night in, agreeing that whatever happens stay between us all. I managed to not get drugged, but a few drinks in we all began to enjoy the night.
swap class this year got interesting, I got the body of my crush brooke and you my best friend got her boyfriends body, what will we do about this? rp wanted
I’ve wanted to be desired for so long. Unfortunately being a washed up nobody doesn’t bode well with that, not to mention the fact that I wasn’t the most attractive guy. Fortunately I decided to wish upon a star, and things are turning out a lot better now…
(M4F) I Want To Wake Up As A Girl (RP)
Your drink got spiked at the bar. You felt fine but we got to our place and you went to the bathroom to shower and cool off. When I heard a womanly scream and found an upset woman in there I figured you were slipped an X-Change: the question is what type?
From shy Asexual guy, to horny bisexual man? M looking for F to possess him
I never believed you when you told me you were almighty. But I guess I can't deny the effidences I am holding right now. What are you capable of?
Quick Breather
For our five year anniversary, my wife and I both picked ideal bodies for each other from the swap clinic. Once the swap is complete, I look down at my body. Something is not right? Did the clinic mess up or did my wife make me a woman on purpose? (RP)
Naked in the drive-through
The cops had finally caught up to me, the one changing people around town. Though, they thought it was science doing it, and not my Reality warping powers. A shame, as this Sheriff makes for an amazing Goth hooker. She even cuffed herself! (Rp)
Btches be like: "Uh-huh... I'm so cute and innocent... I can't literally even hurt a fly... I'm so smol and my pussy is sooo tight. Please be gentle!" and then when you hop on them they straight have an eight incher stuck to the shower's wall. But we all know straight white men have tiny pps anyways
SwapSpray was the definition of fun in a can! We could be hot girls at the drop of a hat! I can’t believe you brought some to our little pool party. Wait a sec... wasn’t there something in the news about a major recall lately? It’s probably nothing, right?
"It's been a while since I've dressed like this" the woman told me "doesn't fit like it used to. I just couldn't help myself from dressing up when I thought about being young again" she revealed a strange looking device "...and you'll be helping me with that!" as she pressed a button, I felt dizzy.
The great shift left one masculine me in the body of this beautiful girl, not even half my weight, and in a completely different country. When they announced that reversing this would likely be impossible, I decided to do my best to accept this life and adapt to my new body. AMA in the comments.
me and my sister swap bodies sometimes. we don't really have rules, only never touching water because that would make the swap permanent. which is the last thing we want. today we swapped and went to the beach. somehow the water came up and I reacted too slow..."oh no this is bad..." (AMA\open rp)
[Stoners and celebs] When two stoners have lost everything they're given a special gift, a second chance and a fuck load of grass. The celebs today are Melissa and Stephanie, these idiots are taking a shot at acting, hope they don't mess up their lines! (SFW RP)
"Is this good enough!?" I shout to my girlfriend behind the camera. She decided it would he fun for her if I was a woman for a while. She was right it's been lots of fun and very rewarding 🥵
During my second puberty, I was given a mostly second chance at life. I had become a hot, petite girl, and my brother was eager to show me what it’s like to have sex as a girl.
Well, I’m gonna miss my dick if this Gender Wave thing turns out to be irreversible, but damn, I think I can get used to this view. I make such a cute girl and also got nice tits 😂🤣 [Images from Alternate Universes #12 - Gender Wave Instagram]
I had promised my son that my decision to surgically become a twin of his girlfriend wouldn’t disrupt his life. However after just a few weeks I broke down and stated sending him sexy selfies. I know he doesn’t care for it but I can’t help myself. I just want him to see me for who I am now!
"Someone help! I'm gonna break the glass!" I yell as you force me to ride the toy tilde against the shower. You had hijacked my body. I was still in it, but you were in control. RP ALWAYS OPEN
My daughter did not like the idea of her single father being home alone: so she put me into some guy’s body from her campus. I was upset at first, but then she invited me to her dorm party and introduced me to her roommate. “See, I told you that you two would get along.”
This new body is perfect. I’m no longer insecure to go out in barely any clothes. The stares from men is something I didn’t expect I’d enjoy either. I may stay as Kira for a while.
19 [F4A] Stealth Control!
After years of working for my parents my family's maid had finally had enough. She tied herself up in my kitchen and used a body swap spell to swap us. She then gagged me knowing my dad will not be able to resist this body in this position and he will cumlock me in this life. I can't get away. (RP)
I was fucking my girl when she swapped bodies with her dad mid fuck he couldn’t stop riding me I couldn’t tell I just thought she was getting more into it (rp anytime)
My best friend and I found a bodysuit last week. After a few drinks, we made a few bad decisions and ended up fucking for a few hours. We haven't spoken since, so I sent him this earlier to break the ice a bit. I just hope it works, because this suit is AMAZING!
I tried to tell you it wasn't weird for two friends to go see a movie together. Plus it was the middle of the day on a weekday, who would even be there? Still you insisted that you change into a girl for the movie, but did it have to be such a hot one?
Looks like fun
Oh god, I yelled at my daughter for behaving the way she did, always posting suggestive dances on her social medias, now I'm in her body! Even worse, I can't stop twerking! Wait...did someone just knock on the door? (RP)
My brother zapped me with some weird remote before I went to the gym. I’m not sure what it did to me, but he wouldn’t stop laughing. Now I’m at the gym and all the other guys in the locker room won’t stop staring at me. Are they all gay or something? (RP)
When my wife died, my son wanted something to remember her by - himself. With my blessing, he's had himself surgically transformed into her likeness. It's been wonderful, although since having his hips replaced with female facsimiles last week, his stretching exercises are a bit distracting
My best friend made a bet with me - knowing that I had powers, she bet that if I hopped her I couldn’t make her cum. She had never orgasmed in her life, and she didn’t think I could. Here we are on orgasm 7! She’s still aware in there, unhappy that I’m still doing this, but I don’t care! (RP(
PAWG Blonde gets fucked
My boss was always such an asshole about dress code, he didnt understand that it was the reason so many people kept quitting. So after I decided to change reality abit, making him a new hire, and me the new Boss, I allow him to wear whatever he wants. And I love his new outfits. (Rp)
I think my roommate is drugging me with xchange pills I'm slowly become a bland cute girl and he try to seduce me but I resist... for now... more I turn into a girl more I think... about cock I'm hungry for cock fucking my slutty brain out rape me.... but I have to resist and go see a doctor
When my dad questioned me for only getting a job as a waiter, I was not pleased. He said I needed to be able to support the household like he did when my mom left. So I figured i'd get him a better paying job...as the highest paid escort in town! Plus it means I got a new mom. Gotta love magic. (Rp)
My co-worker and I had gotten into a argument lately about who had the better life. He was the more carefree type, I was the more serious and settled down one. Today, we got heated to the point we wished we could swap lives. All of a sudden we were in each other's bodies!
In an accident with one of cyborgs machines raven and Robin swapped body’s now robins trying to get used to his body when he didn’t know that raven was in the doorway watching him
An older guy who lost his wife was looking for a roommate so I applied and we really hit it off. Said I could move in tomorrow. The next morning I woke up like this with a ring on my finger! What the hell just happened?!
I may just be a witch in training and it may just be an electrical 'magic' wand, but that doesn't make it any less magical. You would not believe how quick and hard I came! I now see what mother meant. I guess it won't be a problem if I just use it a few times. Luckily, I got all the power I needed.
The worst part about being a male celebrity photographer was when the client never shows up on time, I have to take photos as them by putting on this bodysuit . (Dm or chat to rp. Facefucking cum play, diet control.)
During dad's second puberty, his raging hormones him so horny made my mom terrified he might cheat on her. Like a good son, I offered to help. He doesn't enjoy it, but he understands getting fucked every morning and night keeps his cravings in check
My son hated his new step-mom and asked what he had to do for me to get rid of her. We came to an arrangement that would satisfy us both. The surgery was intensive and gruelling, his new obligations as a woman even more so, but I'm certainly satisfied, morning and night
You woke up to see your chubby, nerdy, younger sister at the edge of your bed, absolutely throwing it back~ This was so out of character, you had no idea the school slut had possessed her body~ (RP)
What if I accidentally got locked in a men's prison and all the guards just left for Christmas holidays what would be my fate?
[M4F] Freaky Friday Family
My girlfriend’s sister was more than a handful. She was whiny, short tempered, known to make trouble. Well,she got trashed during a party. She was on mimosa 7 when I tried to take her home. “Nyooo, ish urrr terrrrn” she slurred.That’s all I remember before waking in her home with a terrible headache
It was a nightmare when my bully at school found out I was an Orphan. He would relentlessly call me motherless. Of course once I attained the remote, things began to change. Using it on him, caused me to no longer be an orphan, and now I have a very caring Mother (Rp)
"Alright fine, i will admit im having fun as a girl but when did you become a nudist?" i asked my aunt. she lived thousands of miles away so i decided to swap bodies with her girlfriend to spend some time with her but what i didnt know is that my "Aunt" was actually some creep who stole her body(Rp)
"What is this place..?" Okay, hear me out, i am a dude, i have noidea where i am, i've been taking these pills from a friend, oh my god who is that? why does he look so soft..? "H-hi.. who are you..? C-can i touch your face?" (RP)
My female friend bet me £5 I couldn’t last a day in her life. I take it. Little did I know how sexually abusive her father was. He won’t stop raping me. Oh but I think I’m starting to like it. RP OPEN.
Recently my roommate, his brother and me got our genders swapped from a weird magic fountain, ever since my roommate has given me weekly blowjobs so he doesn’t have to pay rent, his brother has a great ass and doesn’t mind a good squeeze, life is good
The three way swap had made quite a mess in our house. Tim had to look on how I, in his former gf body, gave his former body a blowjob. Jenny loved having her former tongue around her new cock. Tim couldn’t stop looking at us and started to pleasure himself too! Maybe I’ll give him some tips later
The threeway swap had made quite a mess around our house. Tim had to look on how I in his former gf body gave his former body a blowjob. Jenny loved having her former tongue around her new cock. And Tim couldn’t stop looking at us and started to pleasure himself! Maybe I’ll give him some tips later!
My step sis and my best friend swapped bodies but he didn’t know she was my fwb before are parents got married and we had no reason to stop (rp hmu anytime)
I heard you guys like boobies, so what about my chocolate boobies? (OC)
By channeling all the orgasmic energy I gathered from climaxing to mom's hitachi, I was able to jinx my dildo to feel it like it was my own. No, I don't want to have my dick back. But if I'm gonna stuff my virgin pussy it better be with something as sensitive as my my tight lips. This fells so good!
Being alone is hard work, going on holiday alone is even harder because you’ve got nobody to enjoy the experience with. I decided to head out to the docks and chill when something was off. I emerged to the surface in a completely different spot. I couldn’t have moved that much right?
An experiment on our town made people all around the neighborhood switch places. I happened to be out of town during the shift but my family wasn’t. Here was my dad in the body of the neighbours daughter who I have had a crush on for ages. His smile and skirt caught me quite of guard.
I was a swap pill dealer and this hot woman had approached me on a night out. She claimed I had sold her fakes and that they didn’t work. Well, to prove her wrong I made her take one and I too had taken one. I guess this was part of her plan as all she wanted to do was to cum as a dude…(rp wanted)
[Stoners and celebs] When actress Florence Pugh swaps bodies with a complete stoner, things get very out of hand, especially with their hair and wardrobe. Seems like the new Florence is bringing in a new fanbase. (RP SFW)
Swapping with my co-worker was insane! She was happy to be a me for a while as she got to have freedom, I was following her diet plan, till I noticed how nice her lips were…so I tried teasing her… by sending her this and texting underneath it,”imagine me doing this on your new equipment.”(rp wanted)
(M4ApMtF) Your therapist recommended that you look into purchasing a high-end, VR setup as treatment for your gender dysphoria. At first, you were a little skeptical, but an afternoon of playing every single female POV VR sex game out there has left you more than satisfied~ (Near-Future setting)
White Mami
My sister and I had swapped bodies because she wanted to beat her abusive ex up. We swapped and she was acting feminine in my body. She was acting like she was in charge. I wasn’t gonna let this happen, so I sent these selfies to my sister to try get her to jerk off, she just screamed…(rp wanted)
My mom
(M4ApMtF) Your therapist recommended that you look into purchasing a high-end, VR setup as treatment for your gender dysphoria. At first, you were a little skeptical, but an afternoon of playing every single female POV VR sex game out there has left you more than just a little satisfied~ (Sci-Fi)
My friend is a jerk, he thought it would be funny to transform me into a girl, he used a spell to change my clothes into this slutty schoolgirl outfit, he made me pose for this ridiculous photo, I hope he doesn’t go any further with his strange spells
All The Way To The Bottom
You knew it was wrong but you possess your 19 year old daughter every Saturday night. When you possessed her tonight you looked down and knew from her dress she was supposed to see a boy. At first you thought about leaving but then you stayed to check if this boy was good enough for your daughter.
The same dream over and over, countless doors floating but I always open up the one most familiar to me, my parents. The dream normally ends by now but this time I was allowed inside as the door shut tight behind me, turns out my dad was experiencing similar dreams as we both were about to find out.
I went ahead and tried to swap with my crush, but when I woke up in her body, I was faced against a wall, hands squeezing my ass. Is she already seeing some dude? Wait... That's not a dude...Is that her mom?! (RP)
Stealth Control! Basically, using a injection, you can possess someone, and they think all of the actions you do in their body are their own! I signed up for an experiment with it. I don’t think it worked, but why am I in the bathroom playing with myself? Hmm… it feels like me doing it.
Making captions
You knew it was wrong but you possess your 19 year old daughter every Saturday night. When you possessed her tonight you looked down and new from her dress she was supposed to see a boy. At first you thought about leaving but then you stayed to check if this boy was good enough for your daughter.
Ok, yeah, I became my sister which is the worst in itself, but I can't control my damn lower half! And when did her ass get this huge, Jesus! Ohhh, I can't stop twerking~ Wait...Did someone just knock on the door? (RP)
Ok, yeah, I became my sister which is the worst in itself, but I can't control my damn lower half! And when did her ass get this huge, Jesus! Ohhh, I can't stop twerking~ Wait... Did someone just knock on the door? (RP)
"Come on you know I still wanna be your Sugar Baby?" You used to sugar baby this girl, but then the great shift hit, putting me into her body... now you didn't know if you should keep spoiling me or not... I was super into it! "I'll be a good girl, I promise?"
I'm a prison warden. The condemned are imprisoned in their own heads, forced to watch as I wear their bodies for the duration of their sentence. Normally I occupy thugs on short stints but this tasty little number got 30 years for embezzlement. Damn, I love my job!
I’ve got a problem. Everytime I go on a date with a girl, they turn into a milf! I’m not complaining but its starting to get frustrating!Every time they transform, their lives change as well… this girl was a student in college, now she’s a professor. She keeps sending me these videos! Help! (RP)
You knew it was wrong but you possess your 19 year old daughter every Saturday night. When you possessed her tonight you looked down and knew from her dress she was supposed to see a boy. At first you thought about leaving but then you stayed to check if this boy was good enough for your daughter.
Stealth Control! Basically, using a injection, you can possess someone, and they think all of the actions you do in their body are their own! I signed up for an experiment with it. I don’t think it worked, but why am I in the bathroom playing with myself? Hmm… it feels like me doing it. (RP)
My moms body needs to be stolen
I was aware of the tf storms, but ehen it happend i was still suprised, even worse, I wasnt even a real person! I was the Sexdoll my brother hid under his bed! I am so fucked, literaly! (Chat me! more than a sentence possible! I respond quick!)
“..honey don’t kill it, whatever that hideous bug is its not up to you to decide what lives and dies..” those were the last words I heard before I was met with those sharp eyes of mine, I tried to scream but all that came out was an ugly screech to match my ugly personality.. what was this thing..
After you remarked how I get 0 bitches we decided to go on a blind double date. Unfortunately for us the girls we will met only wanted our bodies. Who have we been paired with?(Rp)
We both knew our friend Maddie had a crush on me but was to shy to ever say anything. I just hope this isn’t permanent. (Rp)
Swapping with my muslim co-worker was insane! As soon as it happened, we locked eyes and rushed straight to the bathroom to explore each others bodies. She was happy to be a me for a while as she got to have freedom, I started checking her tits out and I guess one thing led to another…(rp wanted)
A classmate had disappeared in the woods after the last full moon. My mom warned me not to go near the woods especially now the next full moon coming up. I still went not really believing the risk. I’m not sure what happened but when the sun rose I was in the body of the girl that had disappeared
I had been nervous when my wife and I agreed to secretly swap places with our daughter’s friends. I had always been a guy and how no idea what womanhood would be like. But now here we are looking hot and ready for a night out in the town. Being a beautiful girl is awesome!
Recently my wife and I agreed to trade bodies with her parents. I figured I’d still be the man but to my shock I walked out of the clinic as my own mother in law! Now I’m at home sending naughty pics to my former wife/new husband. I wonder if he’ll like them?
There weren’t that many women in our family, and we only talked about football, beer, and NASCAR. You decided you wanted more of a “feminine” presence at family gatherings. But your spell went too far, turning me, our dad, and our grandpa into female versions of ourselves! I hope you’re happy...
My girlfriend’s family owns a super fun beach house, but they have a very strict “no guys” policy for her. Our solution? Dress me up in this cute bodysuit (left) and be her new “friend” for the weekend! It’s too easy!
Recently me and my best friend got transformed into girls by a strange magic book, as girls we’ve been acting young, dumb and horny, here’s a video we sent to our college campus, hopefully they don’t recognise us
"H-Holy shit dude... That's a lot of cum..." We had figured out I had the ability to shapeshift, after some light testing I teased you by becoming one of your waifus. But we both might be getting used to me shapeshifting whenever we're both "stressed" I'm even starting to stay a female all day. (RP)
Natalia Grey
I woke up this morning in a haze, thinking I was dreaming. But reality soon set in when I heard a sultry moan come from somewhere. I opened my eyes to see my body doing this! I couldn’t move, couldn’t stop myself…! Little did I know I had been possessed by my ex boyfriend and now stalker! (RP)
Mother says I should learn to masturbate by myself first, before trying any sex magic or even toys. Otherwise, I'll be clit locked. I'd like to try this spell, but it requires a really strong orgasm to power it. I never imagine climaxing as a woman would be such a struggle. I'm getting there... (6)
Whoever i swapped with at exchange island ran off or died in my body leaving me in theirs. a month passed and after a haircut and and a large settlement I'm living my old life as her. today was the first you saw my new body. I walk into your house. "hey it's alex, still up to hang out?" (dm2rp)
Curious are there any trans men on this subreddit?
The Nicest Rack I Have Ever Seen
You knew it was wrong but you possess your 19 year old daughter every Saturday night. When you possessed her tonight you looked down and knew from her dress she was supposed to see a boy. At first you thought about leaving but then you stayed to check if this boy was good enough for your daughter.
Stop using any “X Cambiar”branded lotions! It has X-Change In it! It has different results for everyone! My best friend turned into this bouncy slut! Whatever you do! Don’t ingest it! You’ll be stuck that way and you’ll become a walking infectious bimbo! At least I know I can’t be infected! (RP)
The photographer has a new lense he wants to try out for the photoshoot? It's got some kind of magical powers? Hmm.... okay~
“Don’t forget that’s still my mom.” I said while driving us to Conners house. I owed my long time bully money. And to get my attention he hit his gf to posses my moms body for leverage. She’s only been in her body for an hour but she made herself at home..
Do You Think Kenzie Reeves Likes Anal?
Looking for a unique university experience? Then apply to BodySwap University or SWAP U!! Attend Classes on Body Swapping, Transformation, Possession, and more! Socialize with swapped students and teachers and maybe even join a club! Please read the student handbook when applying to SWAP U!
My girlfriend bought me a bodysuit of her mom so we could spend more time together. I have to say, I could get used to being Mrs. Morrison and having a body like this. We’re currently out on a shopping spree!
When I accidentally swapped bodies with my gf I didn’t know her step dad did this to her I don’t know what to do
My wife decided my son was being too unruly and sent him to reform camp at the beginning of summer. That was two months ago. I knew he’d be back soon, but not when. Then I hear a car in the driveway. But it’s not my son. It’s some blonde in yoga pants. (RP)
My ex wife and step daughter are monsters. When they heard about the FOSE they kept sending me pics until something happened. Now, I’ve swapped with my step daughter. She swapped with her mother, and no one believes me because her friends just say “no way, you’re family’s not that fucked up.”
I got turned into a girl by a science project, I’ve been teasing my virgin friend with my new body, I’m in his bedroom in underwear I borrowed from my sister, I’m bent over his bed, “I bet you want to touch me, but you can’t, I’m a man and you’re a pathetic virgin” I start laughing at him
This is embarrassing. Last year, I took my son, his best friend, and my stepson on a fishing, camping, and hunting trip and had a blast. We wanted to do something different this year. They told me they had a fun idea but wouldn’t tell me what it was. Now I’m standing on a beach in a one piece (RP)
You are one of the richest people in LA, you have a successful company and an amazing home. Unfortunately you had recently gotten divorced and needed somebody in your life, so you hired me, a shapeshifter whobwould play the role of your perfect daughter who just came back from college. (RP)
Meghan was overjoyed that the spell worked. She had used the book of magic to swap into Allison's beautiful form and left the other girl in her old and fat body. Now she could finally show her crush, Todd, why she deserves him and his girlfriend's body - starting in the bedroom.
I was not aware of the shift at all, my family called in a 'silly lie', but now i know it's real, i woke up somewhere far away from my hometown, now i'm inside some mansion and... "W-what the fuck happened to my body?!" (RP)
I’d been taking X-change pills whenever I knew I was home alone. I’d just taken one when I heard your car pull up. I quickly grab something to try and cover myself up. How am I going to explain this one? (RP)
30 [M] - From Bangalore looking for a chat buddy, HMU Cucks, Bottoms, Girls all welcome
Jason was shocked to find himself suddenly in his hot cousin Katie's body and riding a dildo. She must have been thinking about him during the FOSE! He looked around for a moment before going back to it, because if he was stuck, he may as well enjoy it.
Infamous role player, the “Please Find God Guy” is back. Do not take what they say personally. He will often end roleplays like this before deleting his account. This is just a warning to all the newer people in the sub that haven’t dealt with him yet. Be careful who you roleplay with
𝗚𝗼𝗱, 𝗜 𝗰𝗮𝗻’𝘁 𝗯𝗲𝗹𝗶𝗲𝘃𝗲 𝘁𝗵𝗮𝘁 𝗜 𝐚𝐜𝐭𝐮𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐲 𝘀𝘄𝗮𝗽𝗽𝗲𝗱 𝗯𝗼𝗱𝗶𝗲𝘀 𝘄𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝗛𝗮𝗶𝗹𝗲𝗲 𝗦𝘁𝗲𝗶𝗻𝗳𝗲𝗹𝗱… I thought to myself, still in a state of shock. “I hope she enjoys being a fat, bearded, 24-year-old white man with a receding hairline that no one looks at twice,” I muttered underneath my breath to no one in particular. /R
When my mother found out that I was secretly carrying her stuff, she was furious. She locked in her room for hours, and when she came out she gave me a strange potion and made me drink it, after which I swapped bodies with her(RP)
Fucking on a public beach - now on PH!
When OF got shut down, a new site for BodySwapping at a price became real popular. My friends and I gave it a try…. And that’s me on the left, I wonder what it will cost to own this body permanently?
I wasn't exactly the model student, and my dad was very upset I wasnt in any sports or even looked the part. If he wanted to insult my appearance and wanted someone in sports lets make him head cheerleader, alongside giving him the style he hates so much. (Rp)
On discord we spoke for a few weeks before Jasmine popped the question if I want her body and life,I typed yes knowing I was caught she sent a smile before saying my new husband is excited to meet me, she giggled before leaving me alone in our discord chat, then I was on all fours beenpenetrated(RP)
I swapped bodies with my bitch of a boss yesterday. She didn’t see it coming and I even left her locked in the supply closet stuck in my body! I went home and saw her fiancé, I knew this was my way to make this permanent. Paybacks a bitch.
So I've swapped with my step-mom, and she's very strict. She makes me do all of the cleaning and makes me do all of the cooking. So, I've decided to get revenge on her by fucking Dad without the pill. RP OPEN
Your sister said she was going to a sleepover, you were wondering what kind of sexy girls would be there so you used a spell that allows you to possess the closest person to her but it seems you ended up inside her boyfriend's body. This is so wrong but... are you going to miss this opportunity?
I didn't mean to insinuate that my mom's position wasn't important but because of that, my mom decided I need to learn respect. She asked me to take an x-change pill but I won't...hmm, w-what was the point of this? oh, mom wants to take me shopping, yay(RP)
My neighbour and I had a lot of beef. We would always compete in competitions at school and things like that. But during a tennis match, we were against each other, and one of his friends turned me into a milf during training. RP ALWAYS OPEN
leonie.rpt sie gönnt auf insta
It was just me and my mum always have been so of course I was worried when I’m watching the chaotic scenes on the TV about the so called Great Shift, 95% of the worlds population switched.. i counted myself lucky until I turned the corner and saw her on the floor, please be un-shifted.. “..M-Mum?”
“This not good!” I say to you, left with limited english. Apparently the foreign exchange student from the Philippines didn’t want to go home and so she stole my body and left me in hers! (RP always open)
Magic has other plans- Part 5 (Interactive)
You used to be my huge, quarterback older brother. Today you woke up like this, with me sitting at your bedside smiling. From now on you were going to be my gothic sister instead. [RP]
I was happily married to my wife of four years but I grew suspicious that there was an affair going on with her and this young stud neighbor of ours. I swapped bodies with her and I was not expecting him to come over (RP in chat or kik @ xx_giannabrixley_xx)
The Great Shift had caused a lot of problems for a lot of people and, sadly, my story wasn't uncommon. After the shift I went wild and slept with a lot of people. I thought they'd reverse it at any second. Well, they didn't. Now I'm pregnant, no idea who the father is... (RP)
After I accidentally mixed the wrong chemicals together in chemistry class, I somehow became a chick. There hasn’t been any other side effects…. Yet. But at least this body isn’t too bad! (RP)
I had told her not to but she insisted- a friend of mine had signed up to host day release prisoners in her body, giving them a chance to see the outside world without risk of escape, using some hopper machine- her new host just hopped in, you.
My mom and I were in an argument and swapped bodies. I just wanted to be the old me again. We eventually came to the conclusion that I had to understand her body more and allow myself to do tasks as her. I let my bf come in and help me complete one of these “tasks”
Casino high rollers were the first to be offered a new service- hopping into some in the casino so they could gamble remotely. I caught my wife checking herself out in the toilets- our honeymoon in vegas had just been hijacked by a gambler.
You set your best friend up on a blind date. He had a bad breakup and you wanted to help boost his confidence so you shaped shifted into the female you. Somehow he talked you into going home with him. Next thing you new you could feel his cock twitching in your mouth while his cum hit your throat.
Getting the Swap Class teacher as my partner was a dream come true. Sexy body, easy job... Swap Class was going to be a breeze! This year they included a new rule, you can't tell anyone about the swap and have to do everything your partner would do. Well, I just found out about her secret boyfriend.
Fed up of trash-talk in games? Hire RevengeSwap today! This is Ashlee, but she used to have another name. He used to talk all kinds of sexist shit in voice chat until he met one of our agents... Now she's getting ready for her new boyfriend to come home!
My roommate was sick of me peeing on the toilet seat, he used a spell to transform me into a girl, now I can’t miss the bowl, I just wish he would remember to put the seat down
Today in SexEd, the lovely social worker had us swap 1-by-1 with her so we could better understand female anatomy. At first, I wondered what the mirror was for, until I realized how little of 'my' vulva I could actually see. She let us play but we couldn't climax because we didn't have enough time.
“Oh aren’t you funny babe” I said to my girlfriend. Sometimes I say stuff that upsets her and I think I upset her last night. “So what’s the point of this? Why am I wearing this?” I saw you smile and knew you were planning something, “tell me!”
As I was helping my mother clean out her office, I accidentally dropped some old book off the shelf. It opened on the spread with a strange magical circle. Suddenly, it began to glow, and the next second I was in my mom's body(RP)
You've ran into me, a BBW witch, and insulted me. What do I do for revenge? Easy, I turn your life upside down~ (Send me a Kik (KIK: WWEDoudrop) message to RP with a pic of who you're starting as Pre-body swap~ Then send me a kink list so I know what to give you for your new body~ ;) )
“Hey is the mark still there?” As I leaned over giving you a view of my ass. I didn’t realize this, but you had a remote and changed me to look like a girl without telling me or realizing I saw you smile, “so I’m good now?”
Last night we went out partying and it was crazy. I woke up the next day with a massive hangover, “hey sis?” I said holding my head. “What happened last night? I have no idea what happened. Why is my voice so different?”
Me and my daughter wnet to my best friends funeral, he was like an uncle to her so she was pretty sad. After the funeral was over she began to act strange and not like herself. She has asked for a few beers and even let out a belch. She just smirked at me and said long time no see my friend. (RP)
“I’m starting to think you’re enjoying this… you sell a lot of product though, where did you find this one?” I ask, our experimental possession gun had been great for us drug dealers, keeping us out of suspicion but I think you’re enjoying it.
"You said that we would have swapped back by now so why do i still have tits and a vagina?" I asked annoyed. We had been best friends forever, you was a streamer but one day you decided you wanted to leave the fame behind so you made us swap and then had sex in my body which swapped us permantly(Rp)
When I RSVP’d for my sister’s wedding, I said I was bringing my GF with me. I was lying but the day was approaching fast so I asked you to take an X-Change. I was not prepared for you to be fucking gorgeous! (Chat for RP. Always open!)
I stood there completely frozen in fear. My point of view had changed, I was looking at myself from the perspective of the real state agent
Me and girlfriend agreed that if my gf had a bigger cock than me as a man, I would suck it, we took X-change and well…, her penis was double my length, I laughed out of nervousness before acceptingmy fate, I sucked her monster dick
“It could be worse! At least we’re together!” When you and your family went on a cruise, you obviously wanted me, your boyfriend, to come along. The only way was via body swap unfortunately, and you attempted to swap me with your sister… but something went wrong and I’m your 71-year-old grandmother.
There’s 2 kinds swap claims, the good clean ones, and the Underground ones. The clean ones require both people to consent, the illegal ones, not so much. They’ll kidnap a body of your choice and swap you with them, then erase your old bodies mind so they never knew who they used to be.
I bought my mom a special bouquet of flowers. The aroma from them will knock her out and leave her unconscious so I can possess her body. Well at least that’s what the website said…..gosh I hope this works!
[M4A] My wife had always had a self-possessed, domineering personality, which is why I was surprised when she quit her job and said she'd rather be a dedicated housewife for me. I wonder if it had something to do with that strange mist she inhaled the other night?
After an hour, she was finally mine. I never expected her will to be so strong. I fought hard, trying to take over her mind. We screamed, moaned, tore of clothes until finally, I pushed into her head and pushed her out. Now I can make use of my new host, and begin my new life as a woman
You had used a spell to possess my (step) sister/crush the day school ended started knowing I would be home alone as all my roommates went on on trips. You asked to crash at my place while you looked for a new one, but it became harder and harder for me to ignore your outfits as time went by (DM4RP)
"Hiiii~ peoples! I kinda need a little help...I work at a mental hospital and a crazy patient stole my body! I got home and started destroying everything! I'm losing my mind! (RP?)
My bio professor was known for her fashion sense. She had big tits and often wore clothes to show them off. She didn’t take kindly to some questions about mammary glands and I found myself waking up in her room with a pounding headache “Professor, Are you there?Is that you?” I text my old phone
My daughter was an absolute die hard goth feminist who thought all men were pigs. My wife got tired of it and one day used her spellbook to swap bodies with her. I was speechless when my wife showed up in her new body looking like this, saying she didn't want to swap back... (RP)
My girlfriend helped me so much after my body got stolen. But she wasn’t ready for intimacy, or so I thought. While getting ready to visit her parents, she cornered me at the sink to show me how much she still loved me. (Rp)
Ming was a quiet and reserved girl, she had no curves at all. But she was very sweet. She was so shocked when a guy asked her out. She got dressed up and everything, everything was great until she took a pill to lower her stress. Her dress broke almost immediately as her body balloned (RP).
Chase had used new technology to move his consciousness into an alternate reality to where he could marry is best friend. The wrinkle was that instead of his friend being gay, Chase shifted into a female version of himself. Oh well, beggars can't be choosers, and he got to his true love after all.
"Okay dude - you definitely owe me for this. You are lucky I make a hot chick" I say as I stand in my bra. Your model had cancelled on you last minute for a shoot. You asked me if I could take an xchange pill and come over quick since your client was waiting for results.
My stepdaughter and I don't get along well, she hates me much more. so I teach her a lesson by swapping bodies so she can understand me a little better. (Rp Wanted)
The news of Superboy getting taken over by a parasite spread like wildfire over the globe. Since the JL was off-world there weren’t many people strong enough to stop the parasite and free Superboy from its grip. Only time would tell what the possessed hero would do next. (RP)
I had a thing for cheerleaders. They were hot, sure, but I always wanted to be one. I tried to join but they told me a guy has no place as a cheerleader. So I found a spell to transform myself as a woman, and I made the team, but the effects have begun to wear off. Now I have to hide this
Christie told me to take good care of her body. It was a swap class assignment, and she’s told me she’s had some really bad partners before. She’s an open book, so she told me as long as I was clean and normal, everything’s ok. That’s cool for me, I love taking 3 showers a day keeping her tits clean
I was considering transferring over to my sisters college, so she offered for me to spend a few nights here following her around.The problem was that a guy couldn’t stay in her room, so my sister gave me a pill and has been introducing me as her sister. “Whyd you give me a dress? Where are we going”
"Told you I'd come in clutch, where do you wanna pick me up from for this wedding?" When you were invited to a wedding, you wanted one thing... a cute girl to brag about, and to have cling to you. but being single, I offered you a deal... I'll take an X-change, if you pay for it. I'm hot on X-change
One of the weirdest moments of my childhood was my sister’s 18th birthday. I remember her screaming and pouting about how she was supposed to be a boy or something really weird. I kind of forgot about all of that until my son’s 18th birthday when I hear a feminine scream from his room (RP)
In swap class, I got swapped with a pretty girl, she only had one request, NOT TO LOOK AT HER NAKED BODY, but when I saw her sex toys in her drawers, I couldn’t help myself, I was curious what a female orgasm felt like, and well… it didn’t disappoint
Casino high rollers were the first to be offered a new service- hopping into someone already in the casino so they could gamble remotely. I caught my wife checking herself out in the toilets- our honeymoon in vegas had just been hijacked by a gambler.
I had been hiding in this maze of a ship for years on end, but now that this so called doctor has appeared with his little human, i've finally gotten a host, very cute with a good sense of fashion. All i need to do is work out that ship of his and where i should go with my new host...(Long term RP)
I was an extremely intelligent alien that can possess people. I possessed this lady and the only downsides were that my ears and tail grew onto her. And now her, father figure is flirting with me. RP OPEN
I was a rich CEO until this chubby chav single mum got my body in the Great Shift! The government says we need to just keep our new identities and jobs, which means I’m going to have to go into work at KFC tomorrow! You’re a friend of mine who’s come over to comfort me, did you shift too?
“This not good!” I say to you, left with limited english. Apparently the foreign exchange student from the Philippines didn’t want to go home and so she stole my body and left me in hers! (RP always open)
I was a huge perv, always staring at women... Especially women with big boobs! Turns out I perved on the wrong girl today because she gave me my own pair of knockers! (RP ALWAYS OPEN)
“Awww my head hurts….did it? Did it work?!” My mom asked me to swap with her for the weekend so she could just go and be without responsibilities and let off some steam. I loved my mom so I agreed to it, I think she’s already gone out too. This feels so weird.
I waited with great excitement as I watched my family pack up the car. They were going away for a week without me, I didn’t mind they think I have work but I took the time off, so I can live for a week in my new suit of my sister! But that’s a secret between you and me🤫
"What you did not right," I text my supposed friend. He had sold my body to the foreign exchange student who was being expelled for inappropriate conduct. Now I'm in some hotel room with one of the professors from the college and I have no idea what to do!
“I told you this shit will be easy… nobody will look at you twice” I whisper, we were X-Change smugglers and you were the ultimate distraction- taking some yourself to get a case full through the airport.
I agreed to help you get closer to the girl you’ve been crushing on, but I never explained how I would. While you slept, I swapped your bodies expecting some angry messages once you came to. Instead, you sent me a picture of your new body, telling me about how incredible you felt. (DM/Chat to RP)
Me and my brother never really got along. He was such an asshole to me about everything. Sowhen Iasked for the perfect gorl from samta he made fun of me for still believing at my age. Well who's the one laughing now when I saw this downstairs. Though not sure where my brothers at. (Rp)
My wife is extremely possessive, enough to steal my body to attend my friend’s bachelor party in my place. Why do I put up with it? Simple. I love being in her body! The first thing I did was dress up in my favorite heels and outfit to go buy sexy clothes. And now it’s time to play with her toys!
Hacking SwapApp would be the easiest money I’d ever made, allowing my clients to skip any queues. I spotted a client of mine from across the bar… they weren’t hard to miss. Once an older man- now, permanently, Katie.
"What the fuck have you done to me pervert? I can't control my body!" The hot milf screams. "You are the pervert here bitch, entering my house naked and showing that ass to me." Josh was filming everything while her friend possessed the woman body, she could only watch herself being fucked in horror
Your sister said she was going to a sleepover, you were wondering what sexy girls would be there so you used a spell that allows you to possess the closest person to her but it seems you ended up inside her boyfriend's body. This is so wrong but... are you going to miss this opportunity? (RP)
"SIS!" i said calling you down "not funny. i know you turned me into this after i stared at one of your friends, i said sorry and i learned from it pls turn men back"
I was so surprised to hear my friend wanted to take a flight on swap airlines. He told me to meet him at our meeting point by the beach. I'm at the meeting point now he still hasn't shown up. This woman is approaching now maybe that is him. (RP)
My girlfriend said that we should wear matching costumes. I told her to buy her mine and I didn’t really care until today,I woke up wearing my costume and I was shocked, “what did you do! How did you do this? Whyd you make me Leia?” I saw you smile as the door knocked. Who was it?
I had the craziest dream. You had swapped my bodies with your crush, and then brought me on a date! We ended up going home and I gave you a blowjob. Isn’t th- wait… what’s wrong with my voice? It was a dream right!?
18 - I desperately need a circumcised alpha male to transform me into his little girl
You had been my best friend growing up. We spent all our time together but you became jealous when we made it to college and all my time was spent on girls. You got this crazy plan to win my attention back. (Rp)
New Sex Figure: Cheer Leader Lanlan【dddolls.com】
Aliens captured my bachelor party wanting to study human mating. Someone pointed out the need of females, implying their stupidity, and caused my friends to laugh at them. Well, my friends got bathed in the alien’s transformation goo: now there are females to mate with, and I don’t know what to do.
The lifeguards at the pool were just lazy teenagers. They wouldnt even give us adult swim, or stop the kids from running around the pool. Well, I confronted the head lifeguard, and he has a much more mature outlook on it now, and even joins in on the adult swim he gave us. (Rp)
After learning that my sister started practicing astral projection I got really curious what it was like. So I peaked in on her while she was in the middle of doing it, but her body sucked out my soul to replace hers desperate to just have one. Oh no I think she is coming back. Role play wanted
After saving up for three years, I was finally able to afford an appointment at the clinic. I spared no expense and got all the upgrades. I literally went from bouncer to club's party girl overnight. The shifts are still tough, but people are so much nicer. I'm also doing some escorting on the side.
NASA’s latest research mission was underfunded and rushed, leading to some unforeseen effects on astronauts like myself. An error in the code for the shuttle’s life support swapped the gender of the whole crew. I woke up like this after our pod landed! How am I going to explain this to my wife?
I always suspected that my nephew had a crush on me. After all, I was pretty hot by most standards. But I didn’t expect him to go as far as swapping us! I sat speechless staring back at what used to be MY body!
I got in a huge argument with my mom and got kicked out of the house. I told my girlfriend about what had happened. Next thing I know I got a message from my mother with a picture of her. “Come back home, baby.” My gf had possessed my mother.
Swap class really fucked me over. Swapping me into the body of a real pretty, short, and rich girl sucked! Her parents were strict as hell and she was boring... so when she died in my body, and I could do whatever I wanted... I turned myself into the hottest goth bitch around!
Take care of me as my mom
When the Great Shift happened you had no time to collect your thoughts. One minute you're at home chilling, and the next second you're in Ashley's body getting pounded by her bull. He doesn't listens to your pleas for him to stop. He thinks your "I'm not her!" is part of the dirty talk.
i heard all about this magical tunnel. that if you walked through it, your life would be swapped with another’s. i didn’t believe it, magic isn’t real! after walking through i felt nothing, but the next day i woke up like THIS! it’s real, and i’m stuck!
I’d been lonely sexually since my husband died a few years ago. Meanwhile, my 21yo daughter never takes advantage of her youth and sits inside studying at night instead. I told her she should go out more. Well one possession spell later, and here I am. Too bad this is her most revealing outfit. (RP)
I can’t believe u had the nerve to brag about your plans to “fuck a babe in country in Europe” while flirting w/me! Typical arrogant frat boy tourist! I decided to see how you liked being the “babe” getting fucked! Cherry on top, you can’t change back until you get fucked in every country in Europe!
The worst part about being a male celebrity photographer was when the client never shows up on time, I have to take photos as them. (Dm or chat to rp. Facefucking cum play, diet control.)
So this girl in my class paid me at least 100$ to swap with her. She's sexy so why wouldn't I say yes. Turns out it's because of her step-brother and he's trying to seduce me. And I think it's working! RP OPEN
My wife's sister was teasing me while I was kissing my wife. Now we've swapped bodies and I'm sucking my old BWC! RP OPEN
We all wish to get to know our gym crushes right? Well now i’ll definitely get to know her well because I am her! She got me staring and decided to teach me a lesson by swapping our bodies! (RP always open)
Here I am trying to impress my boyfriend. I was at the park with my girlfriend as the great shift hit, after that instead of a young man I was a fat woman in her late thirtys. My gf on the other hand got my old body, we are trying to keep the relationship going. Will I be enough?
I woke up and look up to the sight of my daughter like this “what you doing baby” she then says “what do you mean daddy” not noticing that I’d swap bodies with her boyfriend (rp open anytime)
Euphoria body swap.
I'd hired a poolbot, in the hopes hemd take better care of my backyard while I was at work or out doing things. Unfortunately, after looking at the cameras I found him loitering around, drinking, inviting people over, and not getting anything done. As punishment, he'd be changing positions. (Rp)
My summer job allows me to spend 3 months at the best resort in the world! The only downside is… I’m possessed by a rich snob. It’s called the Perfect People island where they find beautiful bodies for people to possess and do whatever they want… let’s hope my first day goes fine. (RP)
I just wanted easy money,one day I met a man in a club and I talked to him about it,he told me that he could help me,but I had to forget about my identity and make a new identity together,I accepted and now I am his sensual wife and I only has to look pretty and move her tits and assto have money✨💖📈
Me and my jerk bud were jerking each other off like normal and then I felt this tingling feeling and my vision went black. When I woke up, my bud was kissing me with soft girl lips, and kissing my giant tits. We're going to have a lot of experimenting to do together.
The Great Shift found me swapped from my former loser self to being underneath this blond. I could not think about what was happening and if the same thing happened with her before we were both lost in the sexual pleasure.
Since the feminist came in power, it is mandatory for ever men to go dick test as they turn 18. If you fail an 8“ mark, which Offcours I failed by whopping 6", you get turned into infertile bimbo slut. A strategy to keep check on male population and to ensure only hung genetics passes on.
There was no way I could recover from this. I used a spell to possess my daughter's boyfriend, intent on breaking them up, but I possessed at the worst possible time. I can't make myself stop...
"Come on, come on!" I yell in frustration. I uploaded a virus to a cam stream, but something went wrong, and now I'm stuck in her body!
Last thing I remember, I lifted the sheet off of that thrust store mirror. I passed out. Everything was black for weeks. When I finally saw the light, it was coming from a phone screen, and this girl was mimicking my movements…in the same mirror. I realized it wasn’t a reflection anymore
After i got swapped into absolute stud at exchange Island it meant that getting caught naked had a much different effect...
My friend was having a hard time growing his twitch, and I felt bad because I knew his dream was to be an influencer. So with a little bit of reality warping, I gave him the form capable of increasing his viewership...though his onlyfans sorta surpassed it long ago. (Rp)
My parents wouldn't let me go to my best friend's birthday, but I still planned to go so I asked my girlfriend for her pills to become a woman for 24 hours, I took them,sneaked out of my house and went to the my girlfriend's house, she lent me her clothes and makeup to make me pretty,now to enjoy🥳✨💖
"Just got my hair and make up done, now I'm due for a massage... this is a good life..." Ever since I discovered I was swapped at birth, I was terrified, but knew I had to swap back. By law, the other person had to accept... so when I found out I was a princess of a small nation, I was thrilled!
We all wish to get to know our gym crushes right? Well now i’ll definitely get to know her well because I am her! She got me staring and decided to teach me a lesson by swapping our bodies! (RP always open)
I was not aware the swap-class my partner taught had an odd-number of students, causing her to be involved with the swap. I really did not notice even when ‘she’ was being more intimate with me.
(FB4A) The two of us have been roommates for a couple years now, and I've always had the biggest crush on you. So it goes without saying that I was a little bummed when I heard that you were a lesbian. However, after a quick dive down the femboy rabbit hole, I was ready to shoot my shot~ "Surprise~"
“This is crazy. I came to the clinic to swap my work knowledge and change my career to teaching.I didn’t ask for a whole new life and body!” The swap clinic wasn’t known for going east of people who didn’t read the fine print. The worst part was just how thorough their machines and policies could be
Any Chat Buddy - 30 M - bored and horny
For seven months you told me all about this ‘amazing’ girl you started dating named Jenna. I was so happy for you, but when you finally asked me to meet her, I had to break out the X-Change Pills… I had been Jenna all along. How’ll you take it though?
Looking for a RP partner to swap / be swapped by regularily !
id read stories about the upvote curse, but i never believe them. they sounded ridiculous! a random swap all because of a reddit upvote? turns out i was wrong, do NOT upvote this post, or you’ll end up in a new body like me!
My best friend knew I had never been too lucky with the ladies before and he offered me $1,000 for every person I had sex with before sunset. He very clearly said ‘every person’, and not ‘every girl’. It’s not the most proud thing I’ve ever done, but I popped an xchange pill. Time to get rich!! (RP)
Just your normal 31 year old English teacher here, but if one day I woke up and realized I'd missed a whole week of my life because someone else was in control of my body that entire time, how different would my life be?
When the FOSE hit you were looking through your old yearbook and wondered what Cassie was up to. As luck would have it, she thinking of you too, and she was now a cam girl and was putting on a show. The audience had control over her vibe so you'd have to wait until they were finished to call her.
Your plan to get back at your bully was working! You body hopped his girlfriend so we could send him a breakup text and video. All you have to do is play the part of the cheating girlfriend, and I mean really make it look good; he'll be heartbroken for sure!
You're one of the most brilliant scientists of the modern age. After trying to pursue your theories of time travel, You were mocked and outcast from the scientific community. This only motivated you more, and with the help of your young partner would finally prove you right (Continued in comments)
My friend and I had both swapped bodies with our girlfriends. We dressed up and headed out, we ended up having a makeout session in the bathroom as you can see him getting dressed in the back. I sent this video to our girls, only for them to reply with ‘buy condoms on your way back.’ (rp wanted)
"I had finally did it!" I was able to make a teleportation device. gas prices were rising, its so time consuming for the up keep of a car and drive so why not get where you need now. I activate my device but forgot to imput a destination. I open my eyes feeling..different.
[M4A] "Bro, I know I look like a chick now but I'm not into dudes." It had been a week since you had hit second puberty and since then I had been gradually wearing you down. "No. S-seriously dude, I'm not going t-to- uhm- Oh fuck it.~"
Fuck. I was treating a patient with the slut-flu and they sneezed all over me. Now I'm turning into a slut, and this hunk came to check on me. RP OPEN
The army was developing a program which would allow soldiers to control avatars remotely to fight. I volunteered to test it out, as they were paying a hefty sum. They injected me with nanobots, and a few minutes later I lost control of my body! It began to do this! I don’t like this, help! (RP)
I had been training my whole life for the Olympics, so when I finally got there I was elated! But this excitement turned into horror as I felt a hand on my ass… only to find out it was my own. I felt a smirk come over my face. I was hopped during my big day… This is a DISASTER! (RP)
It's not my fault the x-change pills look like the Ibuprofen pills. Well how was I supposed to know you were going to go in my room. How long do they last? I don't know, a couple days maybe? Calm down, I'm sure we can figure out what to do in the mean time
I got a referral for NuWife, a service for VIP clients to score hot trophy wives played by experienced suit performers. The “wife” I was paired with is absolutely stunning, but whoever they put in that suit? He or she needs a major attitude adjustment. I’m just trying to get my money’s worth!
(M4ApMtF) Every since you underwent top and bottom surgery, your roommate hasn't been able to get enough of your new body~ "Come on dude, you know what it's like to be around a cute girl 24/7~ Just a peek?" He'd plead~ His requests started off innocent enough, hand holding and the likes, but now...
I was watching a porn zombie video when I blacked out. Now I'm not just inside the movie, I'm the star!
“Alright… you’re officially a sister! Can you swap us back now?” You and I were best friends, and since I was way more confident in myself, you had asked me to swap with you and get your into a sorority you wanted to be a part of because of the hazing. Only now, you didn’t want to go back to normal…
After the great shift my best friend shifted into a woman, I wanted to help him adjust so I let him move in with me and I also let him barrow my sisters clothes. He seems to be adjusting well he is inviting me to the bar later bur he keeps giving me these looks. (RP)
Trans woman feeling dysphoric, looking to swap! [M2F]
This milf taught me a lesson by making me a mother like her. Now her husband is trying to seduce me. RP OPEN
I was a very, very rich man, dating women left and right, taking them to fancy restaurants, having amazing sex! Unfortunately i have been cursed by one of those women, whenever i wear something i look good in, i turn into a women. I look great in all of my clothes! Guess lesbian dating ain't so bad.
Hey everyone! Check me out! The FOSE has blessed me with the body of Kate Upton! These are my tits and this is my ass... I kinda do miss my cock though...
One date. That’s all we had agreed on. One date to pay you back. So why were we on our way to prom together? Why was I worried about if my dress would make you happy? So many questions… but in the end, I didn’t feel like turning back to my old self. I wanted to be with you. I wanted, to be Olivia.
Ashley Higgins was alone in her new apartment, dancing by herself. She was fairly new in town, having just moved here to escape her past. She was definitely looking forward to getting to know some of the people her age around here. (Open RP - send a chat to RP)
Ashley Higgins was alone in her new apartment, dancing by herself. She was fairly new in town, having just moved here to escape her past. She was definitely looking forward to getting to know some of the people her age around here. (Open RP - send a chat to RP)
Getting flirty with the new intern was normal. Getting asked to come over and help her understand the project was a bit odd. Getting there and finding a trail to the bed room was hot! Getting hoodwinked and transformed by the Medallion of Zulo into her was shocking. Her shifting and ditching me was…
(M4A) "Mmm, fuck you're big~ Check this out dude, this new body can do all sorts of neat tricks~" You'd coo before tightening the walls of your fleshlight pussy around your best friend's rock hard cock~ You woke up one day as a shapeshifting slime, and you've been having far too much fun ever since~
I was hanging around at home when suddenly I got a text from my girlfriend. It was this video, with the attached text saying, “Your girls body is amazing. Just want to show you this oooone more time before I whore her out ;)”. What does this mean…? (RP)
“This body is incredible! She’s so tight and tall.” I say admiring my new, supermodel body. I bet I could get anyone I wanted looking like this.
“You sure about this dude? We could call off the wedding til we find a way to swap you back.” When my fiancé and best friend mysteriously swapped bodies the morning of our wedding day I was surprised when both of them suggested to go on with the wedding
Jessica did not want to break her husband's heart. But she needed out. She got married too young. She never experienced life alone. Without asking, she swapped our bodies. I now stand in her large pregnant form...knowing her husband and her have date night in just an hour.
My new breasts were like spongy weights as I pressed them into my chest. My sister, best friend and I all found a genie. We each agreed to a single wish. Myself, to get along better with my sister. Sister wished for a sister.And my friend wished for a girlfriend. Now I'm standing here transformed RP
The gang went back to spooky island to hope to find Velma’s spirit. But they pulled me out instead. My spirit flies around the room. I went to Velma’s body. Knocking it onto the floor. The monster comes out as i try to settle into my new body. (Rp, Who are you in this?)
Message me pleeeease
I was a cop meant to go undercover. But there was a mixup at the swap clinic causing me to swap with some milf hooker. When I went to explain the situation the chief didn't believe me and threatened to arrest me. Now I'm stuck with no money or idea who I am now. (RP)
"Wtf, dude i told you this was insane": I uttered in my new feminine voice, to my friend on facetime. "I look exactly like her." I had been obsessed with being Demi for a while, and when a site started commissioning suits of celebs I had to get one. This is the first photo I took as the new me.
This was me before the swap. I was a 22-year-old quiet good girl studying to become a nurse. The minor shift swapped me with someone who lived miles away. A month later, the shift was reversed and I was put back into my body. How different is my body and life now?
"Holly shit, how are they doing that!" You say while spraying milk at me. "I don't know, but I'm loving it," I say while rubbing my new tits. We both swapped with our aunts and were both having fun. RP OPEN
"What if I got swapped with you, the short fat guy at the gym? lol just kidding! You thought I was serious?" I have been helping you out a lot ever since you’ve joined my gym, but I still couldnt help teasing you a lot of the time (RP/DM)
Jack was a massive pervert. He had never had any success with women because of his many fetishes. After he had died, his spirit lived on, determined to live all his fetishes out. That’s when he found his next, but certainly not his last body sunbathing. Being a ghost was going to be fun (RP)
"No no no these are mine, all mine. I grew them myself! Uhm, you know what? I didn't have any tiddy until I was eighteen, so I think that's why they're so... up!" I didn't lie: I started taking X-Change pills at 18. I knew I had more changes of making it as a female model than a male photographer.
My sister is sick of me, ever since I got turned into a woman I’ve been constantly horny and have been extremely slutty around men, whenever I go round her apartment I suck off her roommate, she just try’s to ignore it, I hope she doesn’t mind having a horny sister
Long story short: I was kissing my girlfriend’s feet like I always do, when all of a sudden I woke up in a different room. I looked down. I was a woman! A lady came in, stating that she was a witch and that I had a week to sell $5000 worth of feet pics otherwise I’ll be stuck like this. Help me!
After waking up in my sisters body I couldn’t help getting to know my new body but not knowing what was coming my way and why we actually swapped (rp open being vague so up to you where it goes)
I was on my way home when you came and carried on bullying me as usual but didn’t anticipate a witch would be watching and curse you to be addicted to my cock and cum “you want me to cum where” I say as you storm into my house the next day (rp open any time)
Hmmmm... there is a hole in my leggings. Let's make it bigger ^^
My dad was always pretty racist and tried to instill it onto me but I refused then one day he said something pretty bad to our new neighbours they punished us both by using there magical powers to turn me into the perfect women and force him to watch as they all swapped into males and fucked me (RP)
I couldn't believe this had happened. When the FOSE hit, I had been thinking about my girlfriend's aunt. You can guess what happened... I can hear someone in the room behind me. I don't know what to do...
You were from a small South American country and invited me, your roommate, to come visit you. But I didn’t expect you to swap me with a local girl and be your new girlfriend! I don’t even speak the language dude!
Your coach was tired of you messing up any position you played. He gave you a new position even you couldn’t fuck up…
"Holy shit!" She said as I went into her body. I woke up as a slime creature that could take over women, and I took over our petite Asian neighbour. Now, I'm a 2nd mind in her body. And she's fucking my step-dad. RP Open
My son has been obsessed with magic for a while. He asked for a specific book and I got it for him. He started doing some spells and they actually worked. Then he found a spell that turned me into a girl and he left. I hear a car pull in the driveway. Hopefully that’s him to change me back! (RP)
When my sister asked me to pose with her for some photos, I didn't think she meant like this... but hey, I'm not complaining. ;)
My daughter and her friends were all going to xchange island for spring break and my daughter asked if I wanted to come too as long as I didn’t bother them. I needed a break and thought it would be fun to be someone else. I wasn’t expecting to be turned into my daughter’s best friend (RP)
[M4A] Your sis was out borrowing your body for the day. She really owes you one for this, if you knew her boyfriend was thinking of coming by you would have never let her go.
You had cheated on me, and I had a hard time forgiving you. We went to a marriage counsellor, and she suggested that you take a pink pill and I take a blue pill. She handed me a special one which said BB on it, I still didn't understand how this would help. Now I do...
Me and my Gf swapped bodies during the great shift, and now all she does is play video games with my friends, I want to spend time with her but she’s too wrapped up in video games, now I know how she felt when I blew her off to play games, hopefully sucking her dick will get her attention
yurr
My friend wanted show me a new magic trick where he could make his shirt disappear, but I didnt wanna see a man under there, so with some areal magic, I made him more my type, and gave him the ability to make all his clothes disappear. (Rp)
You made a wish to be someone your crush would be into, and it turns out she already had a secret girlfriend, and she was the top. You now get to spend every day with her, and every night being dominated by her.
My older sister never really got along with me for some reason. This year she said she wanted to plan my birthday out. I thought she had a change of heart so I said yes. On my birthday, I woke up to see I was a girl and my sister was smiling. “What did you do! Why am I a girl!”
It had been two weeks since I had hopped into my own mom’s body and put you into your own mother’s. Our fathers and siblings were freaking out, not knowing where we were, but we didn’t care… we found ourselves enjoying our mother’s bodies more than we ever could with our own! (Part 2 Roleplay!)
I saw some poor scrawny guy trying to do squats at the gym and failing terribly. He just needed alittle help, so I gave him a body capable of some amazing squats and flexibility. Now he won't have trouble squatting ever again, especiay since he'll be doing it so much. (Rp)
I was happy my dad got his new life, he went to the swap clinic and got the body he wanted. He wanted to meet with me today and hang out so I'm on my way over now I just hope his new puppy doesn't bite me. (RP)
Something happened while we were in your pool. Was it the shots we drank? Was it the water we swam in? Whatever the cause, it altered our body chemistry: myself getting elevated testosterone levels, and you enough oestrogen that it turned you into to a woman.
My friend was scared too swim at night, thinking there were monsters in the water. With alittle convincing, and alittle...magic, he got his confidence, even going skinny dipping. He also got two monsterous...flotation devices to keep him afloat. (Rp)
“Fuck off. No, you guys have to fix this. I’m a dude and my name is Wade, so stop calling me that!” Stuck halfway across the country after I mistaken swap clinic visit, I try to deal with staff. I didn’t realize it was a college girl when I read the ad. I just saw similar IQ, health, and no family
To make a sale, you lied and told the client you were a family man. Said you had a wife with a bun in the oven. You made the sale, but now you're expected to attend a fancy party with you wife. In desperation, you got a spell and turned your roommate in his sleep. Now you have to tell him...
I spent years saving up for this body swap transition. And I couldn’t be happier! I’m so pretty! Haha guys will not stop checking me out! I love it! Well my names Kayla! Someone hmu I’m so bored!
I signed up for a Bodyswap clinic after hearing about it online. It seemed very professional until I woke up, In my new body, this young woman couldn't inherit her fathers fortune because of her sex so bodyswapped, transferred the fortune and sold he female body as a slave. rp in comments
(M4F) RP Wanted
“We got him erect guys! That was so easy!” My friends had all caught the gender flux, and had decided to invade the male lockers to play a prank on me. “Very funny… Wait, you guys aren’t contagious anymore right!?” I panic as I feel my dick slowly starting to retract.
Debbie was my lab partner this semester. And a cutie. So when she suggested a “study date” I agreed, full stop. But how was I supposed to know that she meant to invite me to share her body while we studied? How am I going to learn the material when I look and feel just like her?
Getting flirty with the new intern was normal. Getting asked to come over and help her understand the project was a bit odd. Getting there and finding a trail to the bed room was hot! Getting hoodwinked and transformed by the Medallion of Zulo into her was shocking. Her shifting and ditching me was…
Everyone in my family has a unique power that is revealed after they turn 18. I found out that my power is shapeshifting. I’ve started a new business. Guys pay hundreds of dollars for just one night with their dream girl. This is the girl I have ti be tonight (RP)
My friend and I love talking about our favorite celebrities. We share pics of them and imagine dirty fantasies. Once a week we each bodyswap into one and meet up to have intense lesbian sex. This week I swapped into Sabrina Carpenter and he became Madison Beer.
I had a very rare genetic disorder, whenever i touch someone i copy their appearance fully, voice included. Now i'm doing awards with actors, i'm being called the twin to everyone. (Pick a scene and dm me to rp)
Kelsey Adams was working out, doing one of the things that she loved most - dancing. She was completely obvious to her surroundings. The young woman was pretty sure that she was completely alone - 𝐩𝐫𝐞𝐭𝐭𝐲 𝐬𝐮𝐫𝐞.
I did it! I possessed my best friend’s girl. He owes me big time but refuses to pay me back. This should teach him a lesson. Think these nudes while he’s at work will be enough to seduce him?
“Dude… remember that girl with the fat ass from last night? I’m her now…” i text you early in the morning after a crazy night out. Turns out I hooked up with the wrong woman and now I am her! (RP always open)
The popular girl at school asked for my help in exchange for a reward I thought she meant help her study for cash but she swapped our bodies and my reward is that she’d let me do anything I want in it for a week I was surprised at first but with this ass I think this is way better then cash~
Today was definitely going better then I expected. After my friend called me to hang out I drove over to his place but when I got there his sister was the only person home. I always had a crush on her and I already drove all this way. I can’t believe she agreed to go out with me.
I hired an escort online but I didn't have any money and tried getting her to do something without it. We finished and when she asked for money I said I had none so she made a call and said it was taken care of. I didn't know what that meant but apparently as payment I woke up with a girl body. (DM)
While boating in the tropics my vision blurred momentarily. I thought it was my contacts, or sunglasses. I adjusted them, suddenly noticing I wasn't on the same boat. I looked around frantically, apparently a massive paracausal wave swapped tons of people near the island.
This isn’t good! We had both caught the Milf-02 virus and were preparing to undergo the changes that come with it. What’s gonna happen to us??
The Trait Exchange - Part Two
Clara has gotten lost within a mirror maze, she gets all dizzy and ends up running into some strange alien, it knocked her out and completely copied her body, voice, clothes and personality. What will happen to the two Clara's? What will the doctor do when they meet again? (SFW roleplay, in chat)
Harley was one of the only people to get the drop on him, this time stealing his body. luckily Bruce managed to convince Dick and Selina to belive that its really him in there, but they still need to track down Harley. it doesn't help Harley's bi body keeps getting Bruce distracted
When I got paired with Kelsey R for swap class neither of us expected to love living as each other so much but we did. So much that we agreed to stay swapped after the semester ended. Now I’m going to a party to show off my new bod to everyone. I wonder what my new boyfriend will think?
When my girldriend and I swapped to experiment on our anniversary, I didn't expect to like it this much. She seems to be enjoying my cock almost as much as I am... AMA
There was this social experiment that was paying big money for volunteers. So I signed up. I didn't realize the experiment was to swap roles! Now I'm a mom with a fat butt and a family I need to take care of! And when I tell anyone, they just think I'm crazy!
When the aged stripper ended up in your girlfriend’s body, you were outraged with your luck, especially when she dressed like this. She notices and frowns: “You know what? After work, I’ll make everything up to you. After all, you are my boyfriend now handsome.”
I heard you guys like boobies, so what about my chocolate boobies? (OC)
25 [F4M] Possess a girl's body and come fuck my man's brains out for me!
"You are a deadman.." You've been stealing cash from your boss, so when you got fount out you ran, unfortunately you got into an accident and ended in hospital, but your boss wouldn't let up, he hired me, a hopper. I'm currently in this doctors body, getting ready to end your life. "Any last words?"
We had this idea to rent a cabin and each take a pill that makes us look like hot girls we know. I smile as I look to either side of me and see my crush and another girl from college. “This is awe—“ I stop and cover my mouth when I hear my voice. “Am I my own fucking sister? That’s gross!” (RP)
Gluxon was an invader from the stars, he was the first of many of his kind to come but with some social misunderstandings Gluxon was just a little confused. Unable to tell the difference between men and women he picked the wrong body to come off as any type of threat.
Gluxon was an invader from the stars, the first of many to live among us in human skins. Gluxon was confused by our people unable to tell the difference between men and woman, meaning his choosen body was less than threatening then he wanted to be.
(M4MtF) "Alright... Lets start with the hair~ How long do you want it, and what color?" Your best friend would ask as he flipped through the magic grimoire. He had told you that he found a series of spells that could change a targets gender, and wanted to help you transition into your perfect self~
(M4MtF) "Alright... Lets start with the hair~ How long do you want it, and what color?" Your best friend would ask as he flipped through the magic grimoire. He had told you that he found a series of spells that could change a targets gender, and wanted to help you transition into your perfect self~
My friend wanted views on tiktok desperately, but his boring gaming content wasn't cutting it. I'm nothing if not a friend and figured i'd help him with some of my power. When I woke up I saw this this posted on his tiktok with millions of likes. (Rp)
IDKY the idea of having my knees pushed against my collarbone get me going so abundantly that I can easily please myself two-fingered, which at first seemed like a lot. But my dick was barely 2 and mom's toys are at least 3 fingers thick. I guess the inner face of my thighs is just so erogenous! (5)
[M4A] Possession Fantasies
I was kidnapped and they did all sorts of operations before they released me... and now I am a woman. My family and friends all know me as a guy and now this? This is so humiliating! (RP open) (I become on of them)
“Dude, I thought I explicitly told you NOT to bring that weird bodysuit on our fishing trip!” I was complaining, but secretly I couldn’t take my eyes off of you. This would be one of the more interesting fishing trips I’ve been on...
My cheeks turn a dark shade of pink as you walk out onto the patio. “Holy… w-why are you a chick dude!?” I say loudly, completely flabbergasted on why you turned into a perfect copy of my dream girl. “Do you care to explain!?”
I can’t help but smile at you as you take the picture, I had never been happier. Months ago, I thought everything was lost after my girlfriend died in a car accident. Who knew you transforming me into your brand new girlfriend would remedy all of my pain?
Ftf body swap
So I swapped with my teacher, and everyone thinks she's sexy and hot. Well, my old friend Andrew came to see me after class and we had a.. Weird, discussion.
I've become obsessed with the idea of swapping bodies with a man and fucking him while he's in my body. I will treat you like men treat me and you will obey me in my bunny body while I enjoy you.
My sister is one of the most popular girls in school, and I'm a loser. So when my sister got invited to a party and I didn't, I got pissed. So I hopped into her body, and this party is.. Weird. RP OPEN
I was getting outfitted at the tailors when the old guy kept poking and prodding in all the wrong places, and I was not very pleased. So, if he was gonna get all touchy, i'd prefer a better tailor, and hey, why not even knock a few years off him. (Rp)
My clingy crazy ex not only tracked me down, but also possessed my current partner. “Why is she good enough to have your child and I’m not?”
my girlfriend turned me into a girl when she caught me cheating, and now the only way I’ll turn back into a man is by having sex with a man, I invited my virgin friend over to fuck me, this is so gross, a man is going to put his dick in me, ew "Make it quick" I said in a annoyed voice
my friend and I told our girlfriends that being girls is so much easier, so they challenged us to swap our bodies with them. tonight at the disco we will show them that they are wrong. "Girl ready for some free drinks?" I said while I send this photos flashing our new boobs to our “boyfriends”
It’s fast approaching moving day. With all the stress involved, I needed a break, so what better way to relax than to swap into my cute neighbour. I’ll miss her! Hm… maybe I should stay in her, just for the weekend? Let my family take care of the move while have fun. I’d need a partner though…
I thought my girlfriend would enjoy a nice hike. She loved scenic views like this so I knew this was a good idea. As we walked down the trail we found and odd glowing rock. My girlfriend being her curious self picked it up and it shocked her and after that she began to act weird. (RP)
I may not have a lot of curves, but gosh I do love having somewhat broad hips. They make me feel so powerfully feminine! One of the perks of being this petite is flexibility. When practicing in bed I can't help it but to spread my legs as far as I can and imagine I was fucked like a pretzel! (4)
I thought my girlfriend would enjoy a nice hike. She loved scenic views like this so I knew this was a good idea. As we walked down the trail we found and odd glowing rock. My girlfriend being her curious self picked it up and it shocked her and after that she began to act weird. (RP)
Hot4Lexi Body Swap
This was one of the best things to happen to me, though i'm sure my bully would disagree. When he was bullying me one day a Mother and son passed by and he made some sort of rude remark to them. Suddenly after a broght flash, we became a mother and son. He takes care of his new son, very well. (Rp)
I was pretty displeased when I found out my uber rated me pretty poorly. So what if I didnt give him a tip. When I got him again, I knew what to do, and he'd be getting a tip this time, and quite abit extra. (Rp)
I escaped to my mom's house to try and fix the machine, luckily I didn't give in and accept this guy's offer. But he keeps sending me videos of him playing with my step sis's body! He keeps saying he'll do anything to keep it, I can't give in, I have to save her form this. (Part 1 in the comments)
“Cute… I’m definitely cute.” You say to yourself after possessing my girlfriend’s body after being jealous of her for months. Her and I were going to a costume party, and you took it upon yourself to seize the opportunity. You ready to party?
“This can’t be happening. Please bring her back!” I shouted as you got comfortable in my girlfriends body. It had been a few months since we lost you, our best friend in a car accident. You left me and my girlfriend a necklace in your will. She finally put it on and now you’ve taken over her body
You and your coworker were fighting for a promotion but when he told you he had a big project he was going to bring tomorrow to ensure him getting the promotion. You decided to sabotage it by taking over his girlfriend for the night.
My "childfree" daughter-in-law swapped with me, saying that "if I wanted grandchildren so damn much I could carry them myself". I called her bluff. Three years and three kids later, I'm loving life as a fertile breeder for my stud, while she's stuck in my aging body
"Dude, are you close? My calves are getting sore, already. No, it's fine. I'll keep rocking slowly, it may only be five inches but they surely feel nice. I just can't believe you're still going. Am I not hot enough for you?" When my roommate and I play rock-paper-scissors, the stakes are quite high!
My friends and I thought it would be fun to go to the island. I loved my body but I realized I was in a male body once we got there. My body was around here somewhere being used by someone else. I searched until I found it in a bikini. “Who the hell is in my body?” I said to myself.
Help! An alien crash landed in my backyard and took control of my body! It found a sex shop and bought this toy and has been attempting to mate with it all weekend, it just uses my body all day long...the worst part is, I'm starting to feel it working.
“No. I don’t care that it was just a temporary experiment.” The homeless man said from my body. “I’m not switching back!” I watched helplessly as he walked off.
During a party, an illegal swapping device was broken and swapped everyone with no way to reverse it. I ended up in this chick’s body, and she’s in mine. Apparently she wants us to live together until we can fix this. (RP welcome, chat preferred)
My aunt Zelda was odd and quirky, but damn was she hot! Comes with the territory when you’re a professional yoga instructor, I guess. I took her up on her friends and family discount, but I had no idea my cousin had possessed her! What would you do as your own mom in her tight yoga body?
I Set Them Free [OC]
My friend was scared too swim at night, thinking there were monsters in the water. With alittle convincing, and alittle...magic, he got his confidence, even going skinny dipping. He also got two monsterous...flotation devices to keep him afloat. (Rp)
As much as I want this I’m still pretty nervous. My mom’s best friend is in the bathroom in my old body getting ready to have sex so we can seal the swap spell permanently. Will I enjoy lovemaking as a woman? I sure hope so.
For Mother’s Day this year my mom just wanted a weekend away from her life. Unsure of what she meant at first but realised she meant a swap weekend. She’s standing here now with the spell book, I’m a little bit nervous
My stepmom and I would regularly swap bodies. But swapping back was getting getting harder for both of us. We decided that it would be best to stay swapped. I didn’t expect her to swap in the middle fucking her boyfriend! But... I’m not complaining. (Rp)
"What? Why are you so surprised? You know my parents sent me to a reform camp that changes people? And you expected me to come back the same?" My parents hated how much I rebelled and acted up, so they sent me to a reform camp... where they turn guys into girls. Now at home I was so nice... and cute
I loved the new reality remote I found. I warned you (my dad) that you better let me go to the party tonight. You said I wasn’t allowed to go, even though mom said I could, so I turned you into a girl. “Now you have no control over me.” I tease and leave for the party (RP)
“Bad news.” My roommate says from my body. “Your boyfriend asked you to go on vacation this weekend, and I said yes. I know you want to work on switching back, but… after this weekend?” I glare at her. She’s not even trying to hide how excited she is!
“Sorry kid. I know it sucks.” My boss said from my girlfriend’s body. There was an accident at the company picnic. “Don’t worry, the tech team is working on it. Hey, can you grab me a beer? I have to call management…”
[M4A] I wake up trapped in my mom’s body! Would you help me switch back, or take advantage of my trust and trick me into making it permanent? Dms welcome, looking for long term.
I was kidnapped and tortured and they did all sorts of operations before they released me... and now I am a woman. My family and friends all know me as a guy and now this? This is so humiliating! (RP open)
My daughter had always been a schemer. After the divorce, her mother didn't approve of her seeing me. She told me she had the perfect idea. One day a box arrived with a skin suit inside and a note that said, "Put it on, dad!" So I did and... wow! I text her a picture, "What is this even possible?"
While playing a game of truth or dare, Holly had one of her friends record this video of her on a dare and send it someone that she had caught stealing sideways glances at her. Little did she know that this would be a huge mistake that she would soon come to regret. (DM to RP)
“H-Hey sweetie…” I quickly blurt out while looking at my girlfriend. Something had went wrong you see. I went over to her house, and only her mom was home. Her and I were talking, and suddenly I found myself in her body unable to tell anyone who I really was! Am I stuck as my girlfriend’s mom!?
This years swap class was going as usual, no it was better than usual! Due to large number of couples taking part in it, the main goal of learning about the other gender was more archievable than ever. Swapping bodies can't stop teenagers from having sex, can it?
I was fed up with the grind, working 9-5 for what? A few vacation days and a life of mediocrity? I decided to take my wealthy friend up on his offer - to become his beautiful wife and help him raise a family. I’m so spoiled and pampered now, I barely have to lift a finger!
The great shift put me in the body of this woman that worked on the Executive's floor at the office. Needless to say I've gotten three raises and two promotions in the last 8 months...
This my second day being a girl after the great shift and I’m so confused, yesterday I went out a brought a bunch of girls clothes,today I was scrolling through social media when I see a picture of my ex and her new boyfriend, my panties weirdly became sticky so I pulled them down and saw this
When you decided to go to spring break with your fraternity, you girlfriend paid me to test if you'd cheat. I planned to just get some compromising pictures, then enjoy a week at the beach. But now, pressing this body up against the glass and seeing you want me has me pretty turned on (RP)
My boss has been acting weird around me. It’s weird because she’s acting like you who asked me out the day before and i declined you. Is there a possibility you possessed my boss’s body? Oh here she comes now. “I almost got those papers done” I tell you (rp)
My friends were all bragging about which models or celebs they’d ordered suits of, but I didn’t pay them much mind. I was very happy with my purchase, having bought a suit of my milf of a neighbor, Mrs. Callan. She might not have been a model, but having an ass like this feels amazing!
So I swapped with my crudh during our Swap Class. I have to be her for six months. Turns out that she has a career where she pleases men. In a very.. Dirty way. RP OPEN
You caught the slut flu, which wasn't a problem, but then your roommate slipped you an XChange pill and took advantage of your sex-fevered mind to have his way with you and then lock you in your new form. You never fully recover from the flu, and now he's your fiancée. You've forgotten your old life
You planned to possess your wife's boss to ensure she got the raise she was gunning for. But as you looked down your temporary body, you see your wife apparently had her own plan to secure the raise. (RP)
I stared at my phone, confused as I read the text. I had been at the beach with my family for spring break, when apparently a string of cursed texts went out across the country to a small percent of people. The one I got suddenly transforming me into a girl, right infront of my family and others!
I was getting ready to go on a date when I saw a guy at the spot I was meant to meet a girl. After some investigating i've learned that I was catfished for a prank. So this called for some punishment. I lured the guy away, and made him an exact replica of the girl he pretended to be. (Rp)
A4A Body-swapped into obesity
The deal was simple. My roommate pays for the swap, I walk around naked anytime he wants. Nothing further. At least, he didn’t expect anything. I’ve been waking him up like this for a few days, now. (Rp)
One minute you were standing in Town Hall, about to be elected in as the new mayor of your town after years of struggle… then suddenly you find yourself here. Cum oozing out of a vagina between your legs… what happens next for you after the FOSE?
the justice league were trying to use their boom tubes to send themselves to a different reality, they eventually succeeded but they only managed to send their minds to their "counterparts" Bruce expected some kind of martial artist and wasn't *completely* wrong
[M4A] I don't know what happened, one second I was going to sleep and the second one I wake up in the protagonist of my favorite anime body craving for some release. suddenly the door starts to open (RP open)
"Roll up! Roll up! Once in a lifetime opportunity to experience a day in the life of a rich white girl! An easy swap and an easy day of relaxing however you want! For the low price of...
“I know it hasn’t been easy. I didn’t ask for this.” My mother said from my wife’s body. “But it’s time to accept that it’s permanent and move on. Everyone else has.” She says sympathetically.
When my wife and I decided to go on a time traveling vacation into her parents when they were young there was an apparent mix up because I’m her mom well she’s her dad! This hasn’t stopped us from having fun though. It’ll definitely make for some interesting stories.
Good morning!!! How did you sleep?
for years i had been sitting on the swap machine i worked so hard to create. it was a one way, one use device. whoever i chose to swap with, i’d love the rest of my life as. my choice NEEDED to be perfect. and she was…(RP!)
I’m a thirty-eight year old man. In the past year, I’ve been divorced and fired from my job. I needed a break from my life. One of my friends said he just got back from a vacation to swap island with his family and they all had a blast. This is me for the next 10 days. (RP)
I am your best friend’s brother. Well, sister may be more appropriate since I went through second puberty. You started coming around more, and I didn’t blame you. My new body is H-O-T hot. A few months ago, we hooked up. I sent you this pic, hoping you’d get the hint. I was panicking inside. (RP)
Fantasy Wild Magic Swap Part 2 (RP/AMA)
I needed a job so I agreed to substitute teach at an all girls academy. It was for a home-ec teacher, but I needed the money and I like cooking. I didn't know they only hire women and magicked me into their perfect version of a teacher! And the contract I signed locks me in for years! What did I do?
"I've got my eye on you Doctor" I say, stepping out of the tardis back into my house. We had recently gone on a little adventure and you, the allmighty timelord, may have turned me into my teacher when taking her blood sample instead of mine and mixing it up. "wait.. what did you do with my voice.."
Tired of all the bullying, Jessica has the idea to swap bodies with her billy thanks to a spell she found to teach him a lesson. But it kind of failed because he loved to be on her body and to make things worst, he was the only one who could change them back. It took many orgasms to swap back.
“Yeah, I talked to the police again. They didn’t find my body.” I sighed. We were on a working trip, and I somehow ended up with my body stolen by a witch. Now I can’t even leave this place since she was on parole and I can’t get a passport. (Rp always open)
(M4F) the minor swap but you into a body you can't complain about. You're going to need some help to enjoy it though.
My friend managed to get a ticket to Exchange Island. A few days into his trip I got message from him and this photo; ‘wish you were here to enjoy this body too’
You were a bullied loser in high school. The summer before college you wished things would change. Somehow on the first day of class you woke up looking like this! You don’t know how or why but you love the new you. Everyone invites you to parties and even the guys who bullied you want to fuck you.
“No, listen. I don’t care who you say I am. This isn’t what I paid for. Fix this” I had wanted to swap into a college dude to redo my degree. I jumped on the first profile with similar IQ, good health, and only 20. I didn’t want to be a woman! Now, the Swap Clinic is just giving me the “run around”
my wife was heading on a work trip so I decided to make use of the private time, I popped a couple x changes after she left and hopped in the tub, I filled the tub with warm soapy water and started oiling myself up when...Was that her car door? why is she back already? did her flight get canceled?!?
I had such a hard time getting a job, nobody wanted to even give me an interview. So I decided to make an investment and buy some XChange pills. As Beatrice I got many job offers (sometimes when I wasn't even looking!) and now I'm gainfully employed and have a killer body to boot!
I stare at you as you go over the plan with me one last time while in front of your house. After claiming that I ‘owed you a favor’ for years after millions of tasks, you finally redeemed that favor. Transforming me into a girl to pose as your girlfriend at a dinner with your parents… damn it!
"Jose, are you into swapping?" Mrs Taylor asked as I mowed the lawn. I shrugged. "I'll pay you an extra $100 if you wear this all the time," she gave me an amulet. Later I was drinking with my amigos when all of the sudden Mr Taylor was holding my tiny MILF ass as he sodomized me. Then I understood.
Ugh, this is so demeaning! I've already got a huge juicy ass and all the unwanted attention it attracts to deal with. Why can't I just be satisfy with a wand like the rest of my now female friends? No, I had to get increasingly bigger dildos until I could make myself cum to end this crazy horniness!
Recently I got transformed into a woman by my ex, my friend came to my house and begged me to take his virginity, I agreed but don’t get it twisted, I fucked him
After a night of hot passionate gay sex with my best bud Mark. I freak out and leave. A few months later I meet and fall in love with Madison, we hit it off and become a couple but I have no idea it’s Mark who takes that new pill X Change. RP
My girlfriends liked me but didn’t want her bringing a boy on the family vacation. The morning before they left she told me to come over. As she handed me a packed suitcase when I got there I felt my whole body change as she hugged me saying we’re going to have so much fun. Rp
So. I think I hopped realities. I woke up to find my girlfriend sending me weird videos… but I don’t think she’s… fully female anymore… I think I swapped into a universe where Femboy’s replaced Females… what should I do? She just sent me this! (RP)
message me and I'll show you my girlfriend
My father was a plastic surgeon down on his luck. With no one willing to go under his knife he took drastic measures and performed a total makeover on me. Of course I was posses but he promised he’d change me back after he showed off his work. I’m just hoping I get to keep the clothes on.
I hadn't really noticed that during the music festival my body began to change. Apparently inside of some of the water given out to guests, some were laced with a secret transformative drug. when someone asked to take a picture of me I smiled, not realizing my body had completely changed!
My girlfriends parents liked me but didn’t want her bringing a boy on the family vacation. The morning before they left she told me to come over. As she handed me a packed suitcase when I got there I felt my whole body change as she hugged me saying we’re going to have so much fun. Rp
My girlfriend (right) asked if we could try something new tonight, but wouldn’t tell me what. She kept pushing until I agreed. Apparently I agreed to let her make me over as a female and go on a romantic date with her as a lesbian couple. (RP)
When the slut flu hit, and I became a young, busty, curvy girl, I knew my career on the oil rig was over. At least my neighbour showed me another way to make just as much money...
The school messed up my girlfriend’s schedule and accidentally signed her up for swap class. She’s been trying to get them to fix her schedule, but they said there’s nothing they could do. All I know is that today was the day of the swap. I wonder who got her body. (RP)
The Great Shift came and went. I did not get affected, and my mother and sister said the same. When I awoke to this sight of them that night I realised that was not the case.
There were vaccinations for the Slut flu, but many did not believe the ‘fake news’. My roommates laughed when I got vaccinated, and now it does not seem like ‘fake news’ after all.
Would anyone like to some kind of Cinderella TG with me? I am boy who turns into a girl and goes to the ball like Cinderella.
At first I thought my girlfriend was messing with me when she said she got the perfect body at the swap clinic. But when she came home… I found her like this, and she was acting perfectly like Harley Quinn… I think I might be dating the real Harley Quinn now… (Set in DC universe RP)
My son had zero luck with the ladies, it wasn't like he was bad looking, he just didn't show much interest, my wife was getting desperate for grandkids and decided that I should get put under the knife to turn into a chick to try and seducd him while he's in town.
A few days ago I arrived at this new and strange casino on the outskirts of the city and surprisingly I began to win more money than I could count, but when I started losing I did not stop, until I lost more than double what I had won, the casino director found a way to pay my debt with my body (Rp)
Me and a friend went out too the local lake. When jumped into the water, he unfortunately lost his trunks. So I gave him a second suit to wear, alittle different but it all I had. Though, with what it did to him, it doesnt seem to fit too well. (Rp)
I was having a party at my house when I walked by a room I heard some annoying dude say it was in appropriate for the girls to be showing off there bodies so I figured maybe I could add one more party girl, and one who loves showing off, the life of the party. (Rp)
"Okay, wake up!" my sister chimed right after she took the picture and I came back to my senses. I realized now she had used some sort of spell to hypnotize me onvacation, and while hypnotized she slowly stole body parts of different women, turning me into this! "Whaddya think?" She smiled deviously
This was supposed to be another simple house for you to rob, yet as you were focusing, you didn't noticed your body slowly changing. Eventually you look at your reflection only to find out that now, you belong to this house, as the matriarch. (RP)
It was just supposed to be a corporate retreat to Exchange Island, but something about my boss’s demeanor changed after he swapped into a beautiful busty woman. He’s looser and flirty with me. Often showing off his temporary body with me. Does he want to hook up?
my GF love sucking cock 😋
“oh come on, you had to have known this was coming” i say with grace’s signature hint of attitude. swapping has recently become a plague, with people forcibly taking other lives. i was always jealous of my best friend, so it was only natural that i’d take her life. forever! RP
This was my latest Victim. I used my powers of reality bending to turn them into a giggly dumb milf. Do you want to try? All it takes is you asking “What do you think about me?” In the comments to start. (RP)
It had been a few days after the talisman swapped my body with that of the most popular sorority girl on campus, aka you. I look back to you as you finally find me at the shore of the lake. “I promised not to get into trouble… swimming in a bikini isn’t illegal…”
I love ALTWorld, the immersive virtual world, while in the real world I'm a normal guy but in ALT I'm Rekka69, the sluttiest sextreamer in the world, and I can make money letting myself get fucked, it's perfect.
One moment I am in my room jerking off to my neighbour crush, the second I am looking at her mirror taking a selfie in her body… “Is this the SwapApp…?” I think she used it by accident… (RP/DM)
Aurora was walking down the street when she bumped into a stranger and passed out. After a while, she woke up to see her own body in his underwear taking a pee in public, she couldn't even figure out what happened as she told herself to stop with her new male voice.
it has been a while that i told my friend i am a shapeshifter, it was his birthday today and i knew he was a huge star wars fan, so i decieded to suprise him with my new form (rp)
(F4M) hey, boys! I cast a spell to shift to a cute Asian body, but I didn’t know it would flip my sexuality too! (Dm for rp!)
I had taken a nap after school in my dorm, but had slept far longer than intended. While I slept I failed to notice a strange event, a stranger had broken into my room and stolen my body! They left me like this, as I rose from my sleep I felt strange, looking down and rubbing my head. "What the..."
You hated your ex for dumping you for that frat guy. You wished she’d knew the pain you felt. Your wish was granted when you swapped bodies with her. Now you kind of feel bad for her though. While your bouncing on her boyfriends cock she’s alone looking at cute pictures of you two on Instagram.
You were a small kid in a country town that got picked on. Tom always watched out for you and you liked him for that. He was so big and strong but he didnt feel that way. Somehow you swapped bodies with his dream girl. Your engaged now and you repay him by riding him like a bull in the rodeo!
My best friend recently transformed me into a girl, he said he’ll turn me back if suck his cock, I’m so scared to put his dick in my mouth, the taste of cock is nasty, I hope he doesn’t cum in my mouth
My son is being such a sourpuss after I swapped with his girlfriend for our father-son trip to Eagle Lake. I thought it would be fun for us to connect by being someone his own age but all he’s done is complain and call me a perv. Is there anything I can do to get him to lighten up a little?
“Ok. We kissed each other. That means you’ll change us back now, right?” “What do you mean, no? You said if we made out, you’d make us guys again!!!”
Your sister said she had to go out to do homework with her friends, so she would be late, you were worried so you used a spell to possess another person and see what she was doing, when you opened your eyes you were fucking a sexy girl, wait a minute... is that your sister? (RP)
"Doctor.. i have been in that room once... what has it done to me? why does my voice sound like a girl and why am i in a dress?!" I just went to go to the bathroom, i went into the wrong room, 5 hours later for you, but only 5 minutes for me, i come out as this! "Doctor.. turn me back" (RP)
"Wait, back track. What did you just call me?" My heart was racing. I had volunteered for a time travel experiment. It was just suppose to send me a few years back, but I suddenly found myself in a woman's body! And... someone just called me by my mom's name?? (RP)
I was chilling at the beach alone, suddenly i start to hear whispers in my head as reality starts to change uncontrollably. Now instead of being alone, i was under a nonfamous Zendaya. I really need to control this power. I look up at you and i smile. “What took you so long?” I teased you lightly.
i caught a glance of her at the bar, and my decision was made. as a chronic swapper, i needed to find a new vessel every 6 months. i would always look for a fun, young body and this time was no different…besides the fact that it would be the first girl RP
I may be a lazy ass and don't put that much attention into clothing like a proper girl would, but one of the things that has surprised me so far is the stuff you can get away without technically being naked in public. Maybe it's just me rediscovering dresses, but like OMG! Allow me explain: (3)
Everyone thought Covid would be the worst pandemic we’d ever seen… that was until the Milf-2 Virus came along! And unfortunately I/you had caught it and began to transform. (RP always open)
“do you think i CARE about possible consequences? i’m sam! i can do whatever i want!” i had forcibly swapped with the it girl and my best friend warned me that i’d slowly become her. that sounded like someone who was jealous trying to scare me! that’s not real, right? RP
(M4AtF) "Alright... Lets start with the hair~ HOw long do you want it, and what color?" Your best friend would ask as he flipped through the magic grimoire. He had told you that he found a series of spells that could change a targets gender,and wanted to help you transition into your perfect self~
I was visiting a criminal at home when I found him masturbating. I suddenly blacked out and now I'm in the criminal's body and he's enjoying my body
"My name is Karen! i may not be smart!... that's it..." I couldn't think of an upside to this new body as it belonged to Karen Smith the third richest and most popular girl at my high school... Also the dumbest... atleast I'm graduating in this body... Wait what? Karen is failing her classes? Fuck!
Look at that change in facial expression
Enrolling in programme for beta/loser males like me to get transformed into desirable hot women was very difficult decision. But life is easy since transformation, as now I just need to warm the bed of some rich pervert to get all my needs full filled. Lossing beta manhood is worth it.
The x-change pills were for a prank I wanted to pull on my girlfriend. It's not my fault they look like ibuprofen. Maybe my roommate will learn not to go through my things. Well at least I think his headaches gone now
Fucking On A Cruise Ship
We all wish to get to know our gym crushes right? Well now i’ll definitely get to know her well because I am her! She got me staring and decided to teach me a lesson by swapping our bodies! (RP always open)
“When you told me you could get me at your family reunion in Hawaii… this isn’t what I had in mind!” I yell loudly while motioning to you heavily tattooed aunts body that you forced me into. “Just look at me man!!!”
“..yeah its a pain I know.. you know what babe I think I’ll keep us like this just for a couple of hours at least I’ve always wanted to pee standing up!” My boyfriend was moaning about me not dressing sexy for him I tried to explain I was on my period but he just wouldn’t take no for an answer..
This is the best day of my life. Cameron is the hottest, cutest, biggest guy on campus. But here’s the thing, he likes girls, and I was a guy. Plus, he had a girlfriend. That’s when I found a witch who would swap out bodies, but there’ll be side effects. I didn’t care and I love being Cameron’s girl
It was my punishment. My bloodline is full of people with magic, my family included, so everything we do isn’t super normal. After hitting my girlfriend, my sister caged me in her body. I was supposed to just live as a woman and she was supposed to be in control. But I changed that part in her spell
Mom and son Swap RP?
Ivy had gone on this trip in the first place because it was a good opportunity to catch up with her old friends that she hadn’t seen in years since high school. For whatever reason, though, she simply couldn’t shake the feeling that she was being watched. (Open RP)
“..no it’s insane I refuse to believe this is real, I have a life, a husband, a child..” the boy and girl best friend made a wish to swap bodies on a passing comet about 20 years ago back when they were kids, turns out that comet was a spaceship and the message has only just reached them..
My transformation was complete... I couldn't fight who I was any longer
(M4A) "Mmm, fuck you're big~ Check this out dude, this new body can do all sorts of neat tricks~" You'd coo before tightening the walls of your fleshlight pussy around your best friend's rock hard cock~ You woke up one day as a shapeshifting slime, and you've been having far too much fun ever since~
“That dumb intern pushed me into the company autocloset to make me look like her and then ran away! You’ve got to fire her!” “What do you mean ‘get back to work Samantha’? I’m your son!”
My mother makes potions for a living, and as it turns out, one day when I was helping her, she was making a permanent body swap potion for some client. As I was helping her, there was an earthquake, and the potion fell all over us, causing us to swap bodies... (RP/AMA, DM for full prompt)
[IRTR] Monsters, aliens... your family and friends could be any of them and you wouldn't notice. Unfortunately the entire apartment complex didn't notice the strange 1 day disappearance of Miss Clara Oswald and her student she was tutoring at the time.
A group of heroes managed to close a portal that lead to a dimension of wild magic! However, the power surge from the closure caused the kingdom’s inhabitants to swap with one another! (RP/AMA)
As a boy, I was an introverted, awkward disgrace to my socialite stepmom. But after my father died, she fixed that. "Are you almost ready?" she giggled outside. "Yeah. Do I really have to go out with him?" I pled. "Unless you'd rather I call your brother from boarding school and feminize him too?"
My daughter wanted an auto-closet for her birthday. She said her best friend has one and it’s so cool. To be honest, I was curious too, so I bought one and tried it while she was at school and my son was out (RP)
last night i saw a falling star, i wished to be closer ro my celebrity chrush, after i woke up i began to freak out when i saw my reflection so i called you "DUDE I AM ELIZABETH OLSEN !!" RP
"Just my luck," dad sighs after his excavation. "We're still translating the markings- should have done that before wearing the damn thing- but it seems I'm becoming your standard Sumerian fertility goddess- rivers of milk, 30 ft orgasm aura, pregnant at a touch... It's all terribly inconvenient."
I don’t know what made me want to try on this dress at the mall, I’ve never done something like that before. As I put on the dress my body started becoming more feminine and my old clothes disappeared. I just hope once I make it home to put on my guy clothes I’ll change back.
once you mastered the art of body swap, you knew your target! you wanted your best friends sister-she was so pretty and funny! but you didn’t know she worked as a sub for a group of rich men, who could put her under a trance at the snap of a finger. now…you’re stuck! RP
I was on the hunt for a criminal. When I found him he was masturbating! and suddenly we both switched bodies. Now I'm in the criminal's body.
[M4A] RP with me as I’m stuck in my mom’s body!
Geppetto's skill at carving was masterful, using techniques learned from my creation to build vessels capable of housing human souls. As he neared his death, he made a vessel for himself. I made a few changes after gaining ownership of it. Let's just say it isn't my nose she makes grow these days
(M4F RP) You decide to try a sexy little helpless bodysuit for your week off work. You're going to need a lot of help for the next week and won't be able to open the zipper yourself.
Chen had his eyes on Lei for years now, so when she went to college he was devastated. However, using a shady old spell he bought from a wizard and a lock of her hair, he was able to possess her body! Little did he know she was fully aware however! (RP)
A few hours ago I was in a lecture hall learning about advanced physics when suddenly I got up, went to the bathroom, and began to play with my tits! I couldn’t stop them! Little did I know, I had been possessed by someone in my class! (RP)
My sons went on a trip to California for two weeks. I had to pick them up from the airport tonight. I’m still waiting for them when I see two really hot girls in bikinis. I’m shocked they were allowed to wear that on the plane. But I’m certainly not complaining. (RP)
My friends were all so jealous that I'd managed to win the raffle for an expenses paid trip to Exchange Island! I figured the least I could do was send them some video updates of my time there!
“no this isn’t right that’s my body, somebody help please..” a confused Graham who suffered from dementia watched as his very much dead body got carted away in the back of the ambulance, one second he was suffering from chest pains and the next he was suffering from an all new kind of chest pain..
"What? It was in my closet and I have to live her life the entire semester!" I protest to my girlfriend after she came to my new apartment and saw what I was wearing. I don't know if she'll ever get used to seeing her sister's body under my control
The trip to the nudist beach on Exchange Island is a must! I was shy at first but my friends persuaded me to show off my new beautiful female body (at the front facing the camera). I’ll have to come here more often
College is a lot of money! This is a simple fact, but I found a way to make some extra cash in volunteering for experiments. This one was a mistake, however! With a set of headphones a scientist was transferring his brainwaves into my body, controlling me against my will! Help! (RP)
I sent you the selfie of the new me. After a Swap Class mishap, I was permanently stuck in the university’s star basketball player. Obviously you wanted proof, and I just so happened wanted to tease your horny ass… I could get used to this!
When I saw the posting for a "Special Archivist/Librarian" at a private castle, I knew I needed that job. It wasn't until after I started that i learned the real secrets of that museum. AMA
I was on the verge of death due to an unknown disease, but fortunately you were an expert treasure hunter and stumbled upon a pond that would heal me! I dived in, but when I came out? “I feel amazing ma- wait… what’s wrong with my voice!?” I squeal.
what started as a lost bet with a friend became a totally new life. you were to be his date to a party, and swap back the same night. once the drinks started flowing you couldn’t help yourself! you two ended up in bed together that night! a year later and you’re still cock obsessed! RP
after being swapped by your bully, you were told the only way back to your body was by taking his cock all the way down your throat. that was 4 months ago and you haven’t made much progress-he’s so big! you’ve definitely made him cum a whole lot though…RP
At first you thought it was weird that your cousin wanted to swap bodies for the family reunion. But after discovering that she wore tight tops that hid what she really had you got excited. She's super self conscious of her body so you plan on turning that around today at the lake with a bikini.
Fricken Curse! Don’t Upvote. Wife found out I was on here. She cursed Reddit. If you upvote you will fall to the curse of Zulo. It will swap you into your first high school sweetheart. I Andrea now, I’m Pregnant and can’t get her husband from playing with my tits! Comment your new life!
My younger sister looks down at me with my own face. “Stop calling me Naomi. It’s Alyssa now, remember?” She says with a smirk as she gets ready to go out.
Ive left my phone unlocked while my best friend was at mine. Ge took the opportunity when i Was in the bathroom and installed a body shape app. Now he can choose from these perfect women. He can also change some character traits. More Details and rp in private Chat.
The Changing Room - Part One
Today a man visited me saying he’s apart the reality bureau and that my true body is named Hitomi Tanaka and that needed to see a video to help acclimate into my life, it was a montage of a big tit Asian pornstar but the more I watched it the more it felt like memories and the heavier my chest got.
In the gym we have a game we like to play. The floor is lava. But to hype it up, we always use punishments. This time it was an instant genderswap for the losers. As I jump as high as I can, I see you (my best buddy) becoming a girl. I laugh not realising the same happened to me (open rp\ama)
Jacob lost a bet with his own secretary, which was mostly his own fault. He was only focused on her body. She wanted me to know how it feels like being stared at. So she had locked him inside a bodysuit. He could only get back after being put through some tests. (Dm or chat to rp)
"Holy crap I must have hit the body jackpot!" I had gotten a ticket in the mail to go on vacation to exchange island. I had never heard of this place but figured since it was all paid for how could I say no? When I landed I was instantly swapped into a new body. "God this body feels full of energy!"
My sister has been walking in her sleep and told me that she had been waking up in different outfits with her stuff all over her room lately. I told her it sounded like she has been getting possessed and that scared her, so she asked if I would watch her as she slept tonight, RP wanted
I finally found the spell to possess Jenny. She was one of the hottest, smartest, and most popular girls at our university. And now I was her! Just in time for her spring break vacation!
After complaints of lack of diversity in the workplace HR at your office started a new program. They made several staff members go to the Swap Clinic and exchange their male bodies for female ones. your boss was one of those who were forced to change, but you weren't upset. (continued in comments)
I was at my works Christmas Party where I overheard my coworkers plotting to try and get me fired, my manager the leader of this group. They didnt like how successful I was. So maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea if the manager went missing as was replaced with a new pretty young thing. (Rp)
I was hanging out with my best friend when some gender wave hit my town turning me into this younger blonde and I just can’t help but feel amazing in my new body! I was a 40 year old Amazon delivery worker and more I’m in college again!! I think I’m not going to let this new opportunity slip by!(RP)
"Come on, come on, come on!" I grunted slamming my new pussy on my old cock. It felt to good to stop, I had to keep going. Only half an hour ago I had been a normal guy, now I'm stuck in my girlfriend's mom's body
You know, ever since the great shift, we've been like sisters. Will you be my maid of honor?
I'd fallen on hard times. I had just lost my job and couldn't afford rent, so I talked to my roommate. He told me he'd let me slide on rent as long as I took X-Change pills, though I'd have to pay him back. I reluctantly agreed. Turns out the pills he gave me came with some additional cravings (RP)
I never got along with my mother, so when a witch said they could help me get closer to her I agreed without thinking. Before I knew it I was in my parents room, and she was calling me by my father’s name. This was not how close I wanted to be with her.
"Uhh here you go now shut up" I swapped with my girlfriend on swap island and after it all ended she wanted us to stay as we now are but im getting really strange vibes from my dad now(RP)
A year has passed since the last time FOSE hit Earth, but the internet is still full of body-swapping stories. I hope another FOSE will happen soon because I want to trade bodies with some hot chick. [Images from Alternate Universes #10 - Youtube Mobile]
I knew something was definitely up with my next door neighbor she was acting so weird today and unlike herself. I'm going up to talk to her today and get some answers. As I walk up to her house shes giving me this weird look. (RP)
I had applied for a position at a company and was called in to interview. They said I was perfect except for one thing: I wasn’t a woman! That’s when they injected me with a pink serum and I started to transform! (RP always open)
I was paid by this girl from my school to swap into her body. I thought she was an ugly ass hoe who everyone liked for her looks, and now that I'm in her body, I see how sexy she is. Also, her step-brother likes to have fun with her. RP OPEN
“When you told me you could get me at your family reunion in Hawaii… this isn’t what I had in mind!” I yell loudly while motioning to your heavily tattooed aunt’s body that you forced me into. “Just look at me man!!!”
Erick and me have been best friends since kindergarten, erick's family was a multimillionaire so one day his mother offered me to be a lady and future wife of her son, I couldn't refuse so now I'm her busty wife, it's weird that ercik is my husband now but a great fortune awaits me in a few years🤑✨🚺
Sir, you can’t have a refund. You should not have assumed that Parker was a man just by reading her name. We gave you her complete info packet. Perhaps next time you’ll read it before agreeing to switch?
After complaints of lack of diversity in the workplace HR at your office started a new program. They made several staff members go to the Swap Clinic and exchange their male bodies for female ones. your boss was one of those who were forced to change, but you weren't upset. (continued in comments)
Come join the new server
You and your best friend were inseparable and did everything together, including taking swap class. Eventually you both decided you'd try out sex with a guy, and of course would do it together. But one of you was more eager than the other, which one are you?
Help! I woke up as a bimbo and don’t know what to do!
My friend broke both wrists and wasn't able to please himself. I decided to help him out, I would just take a pill, transform into his crush, and then bring him to release. His wrists healed a month ago but I have been doing it every day so it just became a habit.
“Sorry, Matt isn’t here.” My girlfriend says. She obviously doesn’t recognize me - how could she, since my friend Andy swapped our bodies? I start to explain but she quickly slams the door in my face. She never really liked Andy.
My insurance company is the best. Rather than putting me through shitty surgery to keep my dumb body alive, they just helped pay for a swap clinic transfer for me! Of course, it was crazy expensive... and I had to give up a lot of my traits, but I love my new body!
Ever randomly find your ideal mount? I'm obsessed now. Most of it has to deal with being petite and cute. But also the cosplay ability. 😍
Busty
I couldn’t deny I was actually having fun when my mom forced me to dress like a girl to have a mother daughter day. That was until I say a group of my friends from school. “Umm mom can we get out of here?”
Disney world was empty after reopening, and being a basic employee there I was about to lose my job... until they offered me a new deal, they'd turn me into an "Ideal customer" and have me walk around like a customer, easy! I didn't realize they were turning me into a woman... FOREVER!
RP idea, you’re a normal human on spooky island, you’ve just met and Velma (possessed) and you hook up. At the end of it, she gasses you and takes you to be possessed by a demon who deserves your body more than you do
My girlfriend’s body rubs her eyes, smelling like beer and stale Cheetos. “Sorry, I was playing 2k all night. What’s up man?” I grimace. I need to figure out why Michelle and my burnout friend swapped bodies, fast.
test
I went to a fancy gathering with my family, I didn't want the family to keep asking me when I'm going to get a girlfriend. So I called my friend and asked if he would transform into a lady and be my date to the gathering. (RP)
“..Hunny you want to see my boobs again are you sure your feeling okay? Can’t you just wait til later.” Turns out my husband of 40 years had his body accidentally stolen by the boy next door who was practicing astral projection, I’m noticing something is wrong as he’s always super nervous around me.
It’s been a couple of weeks since I’ve gotten my powers, you see, I can turn people into whatever I want. But I can’t change myself at all. But I think I changed something in my sleep because… my roommate wasn’t a girl last night… (RP)
“Wait really? I made your dick gigantic and that’s how you pay me back?” The alien remote could do a lot of crazy stuff, but it couldn’t work on its user’s own body. As such we both agreed we’d get ourselves huge dicks by using it on each other in turns, but things didn’t turn out the way I expected
My friend was always bragging about having siblings who were always there for him when he needed it most. It sucked not having siblings and he had multiple siblings so whats the problem if he went missing and I got a new sister who was there when I "Needed her most." (Rp)
My roommate was always giving me grief for never going to the gym. To get back at him, I dressed up as his gym crush with this super realistic suit! He’s head over heels for me!
I was out for a morning stroll when I got hit by my neighbor’s sprinklers! I swear he aims them at the sidewalk on purpose. Only this time it wasn’t water... I think it was X-Change fluid!
In April I go with my family to a water park to hang out, but since I was diagnosed with gender change disease, my cousin, the "busty one in the family", has to lend me her bikinis,but they are too small for her. hers. for me, minimun now I have the nickname of "the most busty lady in the family"🥲👙✨
(A4ApF) You had found a strange, amorphous slime on the verge of drying up in the middle of the road. You'd take it back home and nurse it back to health. Once it could move around, it'd suddenly shapeshift into one of the boy band members you had a poster off hung on your wall and give you a kiss~
During our 'sensitivity' class we have to live as a person of the other colour for a week to learn their struggles. Somehow I think I'll have even less problems in this body~
My friend's mom was being a real bitch, I figured she was just sexually frustrated so as soon as she went to bed I hopped into her husband to take care of her.
I was a security guard. During my shift there was this obnoxious girl on a date. I made a wish that for once these type of visitors could behave. Next thing I know I’m her. I had to run toilet to catch my breath for a moment. “God how do girls walk in these kinda things” I thought to myself
My upstairs neighbor was always so noisy every night she’d make a racket before I sleep and I was sick of it I used a spell to possess her but to my surprise I found myself grinding off her pillow unable to think clearly I continued to grind not caring that I stole this body~
"Kayla you have to stop. Didn't you hear the news? The shift is permanent. Which means these are mine now and I can show them off however I like." Adam said to his sister. What Kayla didn't know, was that he dressed that way to try and seduce her unshifted boyfriend.
Ever since my 18th birthday I woke up with this stupid power of who ever touches my body swaps into it then I have to touch it to swap back! Often I woke up in my brothers room and I always come down to see him teasing his boys. “Seriously bro stop swapping with me while I sleep, I’m telling dad!”
Looking for someone to help me create a new Reddit and possibly discord for body swapping and stuff! DM me if interested!
When aunt Katy came over I thought it would be my perfect opportunity to use my swap gun invention. Aunt Katy is so hot and I look over and see my brother watching TV on the couch, I swap him with Aunt Katy at the front door. (RP)
"bruh, if you needed a fake girlfriend for a night, you could have just said so! Now I'm stuck like this."
My big sis has always been jealous of my curvy fit body while she was flat and absolutely not fit. So when she got 1 wish, she wished a body like mine. But instead she got my body and I got hers...I woke up in her room and ran to my old room in panic while she was half naked..."uh sis?"(rp\ama)
“Look babe, I’ve made improvements.” I sent a pic to my boyfriend, who left me after the great shift put me in a guy’s body. It took me weeks of working out and making my body as feminine as possible, and I’m trying to get back with him. (Rp always open)
I dreamed of being like my athlete uncle but unfortunately in my mother's family there was a rare disease that prevented me from doing it,this disease turned all the boys into busty females when they turned 21,now I run to be in weight,but these boobs moved me away from my dream,but I'm still happy😊
My gf loved Billie Eillish so for her birthday we went to her concert. She was really excited to be able to meet her backstage. I was shocked when my gf kissed her on the lips as she slowly started to dissolve in billies mouth. I closed the door. “Lilly wait your gonna take her body?!”
After weeks since a witch got mad at me and took away my masculinity, I saw her randomly enter a store. I decided to follow her and try to get my body back.(Rp always open)
After turning 18, my mom -a renown witch in our coven- helped me transition into a realistic body. I thought a petite frame with curly brown hair to be quite fitting, and cute! Although it's been only a week, I've never been this horny! I want to be sexy and make some adult content, any ideas? [RP]
After having an argument with my girlfriend, she got mad and decided to take away my masculinity, and put it in some kind of necklace, then she made it disappear. “Anna, don’t you think that’s a little too far?” (Rp always open)
[M4A] Something has taken possession of my body (rp)
Hot threesome fuck 😍
“Whoa, what the fuck are you doing?” Amber asked, staring on in shock at the person before her. (Open RP)
“You’re kidding right?” I ask as I inspect my new girly body. I’d been the star soccer player in college, but after I disrespected some female players, the coach of the team who was secretly a witch decided to teach me a lesson and then me into a girly girl! (RP always open)
“Wow… I can’t believe that she fell for that.” Was all Dan could say while staring at himself in the mirror, smirking as he admired his own reflection. He was tempted to check on his buddies now and see whether they had been so successful with their own targets at the party that night. (Open RP)
Mom and I had swapped bodies because I was failing college and she felt she had to get involved. She’s been working hard, but she’s also been recording her old body and posting it on MY snapchat. I caught her today and I confronted her about it, now here we are just as she’s about to cum…(rp wanted)
I’d been nervous when I found out I’d be spending Swap Class in the exchange student’s body. She was a bit weird and didn’t have many friends, so I was gearing up for a boring, lonely semester… But now that I’m home, getting some alone time as her actually sounds pretty good!
I’ve been stuck in this skin suit for almost 3 months now and the company finally sent me a replacement suit that supposed to be more like my previous male body that I lost after getting stuck, opening the box I just hope they packed in a suit that doesnt have tits the size of my head like I do know
My parents always spoiled my brother, giving him everything he ever wanted. But I didn’t think they’d buy him an expensive bodysuit! Now he won’t take it off and keeps strutting around in bikinis. It’s getting on my nerves, but... I’ll be damned if he’s not a cutie in that suit.
Anyone wanna enjoy sexting with me? I do sell nudes. Asian girl with tattoos. Msg me! 😜💗💦
“Ooo wow. This is like totes amazing.” I hear my girlfriend say in my body as I bounce up and down on my cock. We had somehow swapped bodies, and she had become pent up in my body for two days so I decided to help her out. She wanted to fuck me, but I got on top. I think she doesn’t care…(rp wanted)
Take over my moms body
Today a man visited me saying he’s apart the reality bureau and that my true body is named Hitomi Tanaka and that needed to see a video to help acclimate into my life, it was a montage of a big tit Asian pornstar but the more I watched it the more it felt like memories and the heavier my chest got
Dude you're not gonna believe what happened at the party last night I had a few drinks and when I woke up I discovered I was in that bitch Jessica's body don't believe me? Here I'll send a vid-
You woke up in the body of your friends girlfriend with no explanation. You found her diary where she said she felt stuck in life and her new pregnancy was the last straw. She swapped with you to be free. Now you sit there wondering if you tell your friend about the swap or keep it a secret.
"How did you get in here? And please dont tell anyone about this" I begged as i looked over at you shocked. I was living with my sister and when she went on vacation i decided to take a X-change pill and ended up getting caught by her bestfriend who came to collect their computer they forgot (Rp)
My boss was pretty smart so when he suggested I wear a female body suit at our weekend meetings in the city to impress clients I didn’t question him. But now he keeps telling everyone I’m his fiancé and keeps being romantic with me. (Rp dm/chat)
"So much hotter than my girlfriend..." I whisper as I pose for a selfie. I tried to cast a spell to swap bodies with my girlfriend, but I missed and hit her bff! Now I'm stuck for a while, but with a body like this and her apartment to myself, I don't mind at all...
3 of your friends dropped by your house, they tell you they're taking swap class next semester and want you to take it too. They tell you they want your body and will give you one of theirs. They display themselves and then ask "Well? Who are you gonna choose?"
(M4MtF) "D-dude, I'm not going to suck your dick again! Th-that was a one time thing~" You'd pout. You were a demon who turned more and more feminine every single time you acted submissive... And your new roommate was making it really, really hard to resist becoming an obedient little slut~
Yeah, my little girl SO wasn't using her body right. Flaunting it like a total slut and hooking up with guys left and right. It's time daddy taught her a lesson. I'll get more cock than she ever did. Like that'll teach her to be responsible. What was that about the spell affecting my mind?Whatevs.RP
[Images from Alternate Universes #9 - Another collab with the great Guiomar12] If you have some ideas for my next projects, feel free to leave a comment.
All I could do was just stare in shock. One minute I was upset because I just said goodbye to my crush forever before she went back to Britain. Next thing I knew I was in Tara's body (left) touring America with her friends (Alice middle, Kaitlyn right). I hope they don't know it's really me! RP
You had cheated on your ex, without realizing just how vengeful she was. She possessed you and has had full control for the past year. She threw out all your clothes, bought girl clothes, and spent thousands on surgeries to transform your body. You now look like this as she depossesses you. (RP)
[M4A] I don't know why I was chosen, but my body has been possessed by a spirit and is using it for its own pleasure!
It was my first trip out after my unfortunate case of Second Puberty. We had planned this trip for months, and it just so happened I would become a girl during that time… I had to borrow my sister’s clothes, and I was nervous… “A-Are you excited?” I ask with a nervous smile.
Pick a body and life for the next year (and feel free to elaborate or ask questions in the comments!)
I’ll let you possess a celeb, but in exchange, you’re going to have to make it worth my while…(See comments for more)
“Dude not give me the remote and change me back I don’t want to have your moms body!” I say fighting to get the remote
Mom and I had swapped bodies because I was failing college and she felt she had to get involved. She’s been working hard, but she’s also been recording her old body and posting it on MY snapchat. I caught her today and I confronted her about it, now here we are just as she’s about to cum…(rp wanted)
I got my dad a body shaping kit for his birthday, expecting him to use it to get in shape. I guess he did get in shape, just not the shape I was expecting. He seems to love his new self though. Why did he have to make himself so hot...
My mom caught me jerking off again. She's an old school "witch" and said she cursed me to where that if I do it again in the next week something bad happens to me for 10 years. I didn't think anything would happen so I used the shower and came out like this. I need to tell mom to reverse this. (DM)
As my girlfriend was trying new spells, she misread one of them and the magic hit me, turning me into a shemale! “Babe, you need to fix this, fast!”(Rp always open)
[M4A] Possess my body for your own pleasure (rp)
Step 1 of my plan, turn into a nice looking girl in horrible clothes, check! Step 2, fake being passed put on the same path the rich target(you) walks, check! Step 3: Slither into their life and take everything they have, not just yet... seems like he's a rude fucker.
My boyfriend was trying out some new spells he found in a book. Something went wrong, and I turned into a femboy! “Babe, change me back now! Please hurry!” I felt my new dick get hard for some reason, and I hated it, already missing my pussy(Rp always open)
I had this mind control app and used it to give my sister lust towards me and ideas that she wanted me and wanted to please me (rp open any time)
My roommate bought an old pinup poster at an antique fair, thinking it might be a fun piece of decor. The model was gorgeous and I may have... had some “fun” with it. But it must have been cursed, because now I look exactly like the vintage babe in the poster!
Wow I can’t believe it worked , I cast a spell from a book I got from a weird shop, it has now gave me the body I always wanted and that’s a beautiful curvy woman, I love my new boobs and curves , so soft
looking for an old tg caption. It's an image on the right and text on the left of it. The guy swapped into his bully's sister's body.
“Yeah, what a view…” I mumble, glancing back at you from the balcony. Exchange island had hooked us up with a penthouse suite for the duration of our stay. I was having trouble enjoying it though… The only reason they gave us this room was because they screwed up and got us stuck in our new bodies!
Today a man visited me saying he’s apart the reality bureau and that my true body is named Hitomi Tanaka and that needed to see a video to help acclimate into my life, it was a montage of a big tit Asian pornstar but the more I watched it the more it felt like memories and the heavier my chest got
Today a man visited me saying he’s apart the reality bureau and that my true body is named Hitomi Tanaka and that needed to see a video to help acclimate into my life, it was a montage of a big tit Asian pornstar but the more I watched it the more it felt like memories and the heavier my chest got
I bodyswap with my sister when she has to go through the dangerous part of town. she we swap back, she always asks why her pussy hurts. Little does she know I let the gangs use her
I'm so mad about the spell they put on me to be a woman, but seeing my sisters and aunts and mom happy about it, I decided to go shopping with them,it's hard to adjust to these huge boobs but it's fun to be the new member of the group of females in the family, I prefer this to watching fotball✨🏈📉👙📈✨
Raven had tried a new spell out in order to become more powerful than ever! However, the spell backfired leaving her body open to any spirit who wanted it. Before she could reverse it, a ghost hopped into her form! It began play as she was left a helpless passenger, unable to stop them! (RP)
I possessed my sister just as a bit of fun, but I was shocked to feel something I didn't expect though! I peeled off her jeans to find she had already started the fun before I even got control of her body!
Kriss Gets Crazy, Squirts And Quivers
In my previous post, some of you guys suggested I did a striptease and this is what I came up with. I hope you enjoy my shape as much as I do! :p I have to confess, at 5'3" tall and only 90 lbs, EVERYTHING already looks so much larger than before. That makes me feel adorable but I want to be HOT!
My Brother thought it would be funny to swap me and my PREGNANT mom, but he accidentally used a permanent swap potion, and now I’m stuck in my mom’s body… (RP in DMS/AMA)
Spider man related body rp
My buddies and I have a game where we try to guess a woman's bra size, I'll hop into their bodies and message them a picture of the score. This time you were hanging out with me at the mall so I decided to let you come in to see for yourself. I didn't expect you to be so handsy, but I rolled with it
My father asked me to find out if my mother was cheating or not, he had a hunch but no proof. So I got the bright idea to steal my aunt's spell book just to cast a pov spell, to watch the world from her eyes. But I must have said it wrong as I find myself getting a little more than just her pov.
I bodyswap with my sister when she has to go through the dangerous part of town. When we swap back she always complains that her pussy hurts. Little does she know I let the gangs use her.
[M4M2F] Welcome to the 5% club bud, too bad it's not what you wanted or expected?
My dad didn’t want me to use his cars anymore after I ruined another one of his. My sister however still could. I promised my mates that I would give them a ride, what they didn’t expect me was that it would be in my sisters body. “Get in dudes! I’m still me, just in a skirt now!”
Nicole had some time before she had to go back to work. Working out her body as much as she could until her break was over. Suddenly her vision started to go dark. When she awoke she noticed she was starting at the back of her own body taking a picture of itself.
I was in the hospital recovering from surgery, I've been feeling super weak and low energy and just wanted to be able to walk around and go outside. I heard one of the nurses mention that she was just about to start her lunch break so I decided to hop into her. I may have got a little distracted
(M4AtF) You were an up and coming Twitch streamer who averaged a whopping 0 viewers... You decided you needed a handicap~ You'd purchase this magic, bunnygirl skinsuit, and now your stream's growing at record pace! If only your roommate would stop hitting on you, you're still into women after all~
Driving back home, I saw you hitchhiking. My father instincts told me to give you a ride, but I didn't noticed this reality changing device in you hand. You're now using it gradually, as I'm driving, not noticing any changes. You're not planning to stop on your test subject's mind and body ! (RP)
Hey! Me and my best friend's daughter are still switched and I've been living it up, enjoying my youth. I'm still in awe at how big her or rather my freaking tits are and how good they-uh, hm. Sorry, I need to cut this off quick, I have to go attend to something. Sorry. (First part in the comments)
You were a broke student that struggled to find a job. One night you wished that all your problems could be instantly fixed. The next morning you woke up looking like this! Now you work at a bar making tips! Some nights you even let a cute guy take you home and fuck your brains out!
After angering an old hag, she chanted some strange words and then left. I found it weird and went home. But just when I was about to have some fun time with my husband, I felt my pussy shift, and get up my ass, then turned into a pussy shaped butt plug! What the hell is happening(Rp always open)
"So how was your first day at work?" Nick's mother asked him from his body. The two had swapped from a power surge over the weekend so Nick had to take her place in the office. He bit his lip as the memories of the day flooded back to him. He'll have to tell her about the promotion on another day.
It started when I first got my shapeshifting powers, I wasn’t comfortable being a girl so i’d pose as my friend’s tinder matches to go on safe dates. Now he thinks he’s some sort of fuck boy because he brings a girl home every week, but every girl he’s fucked for the past 2 years was actually me
Want to swap into any of my IRLs? RP with me about it!
I finally got put into the game show with rotating punishments but it turned out to be more than I bargained for this week. Each question I got wrong changed more and more of me until I got taken back stage for the grand punishment (rp wanted)
I was notorious for picking up drunk chicks at parties, and apparently someone had enough of it because they spiked my drink with X change, I was about to smash this girl when my dick disappeared and I grew tits! now all my friends are laughing at me and saying I deserve this!
My mind reading experiment kind of went wrong...it sucked a random stranger on the street into my step sis's body. I've been trying to fix it, but today I came home to find it smashed and him presenting her body to me. The worst part, is that I think I'm going to take him up on what he's offering...
You and i were watching asmr girls last night, fell asleep so comfortably and became one of them
@fashiion.angel shared a photo on Instagram: “. شرايكم حبيت الستايلات الاربعه وش اكثر واحد عجبكم 🥲❤️‍🔥؟ . . . فساتين ناعمه وترند واسعارهم تهبل 🤍 ((@sav_f6 )) ‏((@sav_f6 )) ‏((@sav_f6…” • Mar 14, 2022 at 3:13pm UTC
Who would've known Jennifer was so busty. My friend took gender studies class and apparently there is a new lesson in the class where you have to swap with a student of the other gender. At first he was annoyed to swap with Jennifer but we found out she was hiding a great rack underneath her clothes
After the great shift couldn't be resolved, doctors and politicians said that people who shifted should take on a new identity. My dad swapped with a girl in my class named Janessa, he kept her identity and today were going to school together for the first time. He's excited to go back to school. RP
My mom would always brag about how amazing and vivid her dreams were, but she'd never share what they were about. So when I found a magic shop that sold a potion allowing you to enter someone's dream, I snatched it! What I didn't expect was this, as I found myself in the body of the woman in blue...
My family and I went to swim in the lake, after they got they started acting like each other. Soon after I decided to take a swim, but when I got out I was in a different part of the lake. I then looked around and saw I was now a naked woman. I turned around and saw them leave without me.(DM4RP)
Here I’m wearing the stupid suit, can I take it off again now?!… Yeah I know I lost the bed but… ok ok how long do I have to wear it then? 4 weeks?! What the fuck do you mean by „locking the suit“?! (Rp/AMA)
After my family swap I ended up getting my aunts body and I am loving it one here! She lives on her own and has a lot of money so I can pretty much do whatever I want for the entire swap!
If I created a Reddit about a school for people who have been body swapped with classes and stuff. You would actually live the life of the person you swapped with. Would y’all be interested?
When I was the first person in the world to go through second puberty, I became famous overnight! It was a lot to get used to but is used it to educate and help people like me. Plus I had you to support me (RP)
I coach a college football team and in order to motivate them I made a bet, I promised if we won regionals I'd let the team modify my body with an autocloset for a week. i thought they'd just make me fat and ugly but they all agreed to turn me into this singer they liked, I think her name is doja?
My friends and I went to Swap Island for spring break. They thought they could get a lot more action if they swapped into athletic, hung guys instead of the nerds we started as. I had a different idea for getting attention.
“Dude… I know you want to impress your family but were the big lips and butt really necessary?” i ask after you used your transformation powers to turn me into a woman for you to bring home as “your date”.
Your spell had worked perfectly. You now possessed your bully’s girlfriend. What will you do next, humiliate him? Fall for his thick cock? (RP wanted)
I hate this so much! Since my employer is a rich fuck with his wife on holiday, he hires me! A shapeshifter for hire to come with him as Anya-taylor joy! He is lucky that ge's paying me so much! God i can't believe he wants to have sex after this. "I'm coming dear! one minute!" (Open end rp)
Your best friend was always shy. You knew he was a great guy but he kept getting his heart broken. That’s when you decided to swap with his tender date. You just wanted to boost his confidence but you were surprised how happy he made you! Now you might stay and see where this goes!
After exploring Swap Island I eventually decide to try out the "free-use" pool area to tan. It didn't take long for someone to find me. This guy full on had his way with me and I never saw him at all! It was exhilarating having my first time be so anonymous.
You found me on a slave rental app. You rented me and I was delivered. What you didn’t know is that I’m pregnant from the last renter. Good thing I come with a remote that changes who I am!
[M4A] With my wife out on a business trip I figured now was as good a time as any to slip my son some experimental X-Change pills. My new, ditzy daughter is, like, SO happy with her new body and seems to be looking forward to our weekend alone together as much as I am.~
"This is so stupid" I complained to my friend. His sister was coming to town and apparently he lied to his family about having a girlfriend which his sister was excited to meet. Unlucky for me I owed him one and so had to let him change me for the weekend (rp)
You needed a date to your friend’s wedding, and I was the only person you knew with a bodysuit that was realistic enough to fool anyone, much less an entire wedding. “Sure, I’ll help you dude... but it’s gonna cost you.”
You've had the biggest crush on me for a while and have tried everything but I'm not interested. Finally, you decide to buy a suit I can't resist and take matters into your own hands (RP)
I just woke up from a nap... but not in my house, or my body! It looks like I’m a beautiful older woman... and quite wealthy from the look of the furnishings. I think I heard a door open... who could it be?
A little girl approached me “mommy can we go home” who is she? “I’m not your mom I’m not even a girl” my vision blanks for a second when I see my body became feminine “what the, oh my gosh my voice” the little girl pulling me “mommy let’s go im tired” did this little girl turn me into her mom?
nervous about my exams to graduate high school so my mom swapped bodies us to help, I heard a knock at my door “hello oh no I’m not…” two men burst in the house and started stripping me “no stop, wait your that jerk from school” they started to fuck me “no no don’t cum please” they came inside me
What are you talking about? Gamergirls jerk-off as much -if not even more- than gamerboys! The idea that men always want sex is a myth perpetuated by the patriarchy to justify male misconduct. I used browse LOTS of porn for a flimsy spurt, now I can jill up to x20 a day with the flick of my wrist!
"Stephen, how many times did I tell you not to leave that dirty doll of yours around the house?" I could hear my mother shouting at my brother. Hours ago I managed to posses the doll using my own special machine however as I was messing with it the battery dried out and suddenly I couldn't move (rp)
My daughter-in-law is asexual, struggles with physical intimacy, but they're still desperate for a baby. I offered to help. There's no denying it's awkward being bred in her body like a woman whenever she's ovulating, though we still a find away to laugh about it, even after I'm filled with his DNA
I left my phone unlocked on the table when ive gone to the bathroom. My best friend took this opportunity and installed a body shape app on my phone. Now he has the choice between these wonderful Ladys my body will shape to.
[M4A] Horror/Summer Camp Themed Gender Transformation!
I received a message from my mother, who was now in my fiancé's body. "Do you think this outfit looks good?" I sighed as I replied, "Yes, of course *my* fiancé looks good in the outfit." She giggled and smiled, "Well that's great because I'll be asking you for many years to come. What do I do?!
Do not upvote! There is a glitch in the system! It will swap you with someone else into the world! I ended up in this girl’s life while her husband was finishing milking her! Do not upvote! You will swap lives with someone!!!
(M4F) Looking for roleplay where I upset you and you turn me into a girl and teach me how to be not only a women but a proper bisexual slut!
I trusted my roommate a lot,we always shared everything, we trusted to fuck with the door open and we could even walk around the house naked, but since I became a woman it's uncomfortable, I don't get naked at home anymore and I always see him spying on me with a big boner while taking a shower🥲✨
22 F. in college. What would you do of you were in my body?
My dad always wanted a daughter and was pretty annoyed when he got me so when i got kicked out of college and had to move back in with him after moms death he said it would be under his conditions “do I really have wear that dress daddy”
I always wanted to be a stay at home husband but my wife is very traditional. Thats why I was surprised when she suggested we swap and give it a try. 3 weeks later and we’ve really settled into our roles almost too well
After helping to capture a mafia boss I was put into a witness protection program where I was assigned I new body/life and the rules I was given were to make TikTok’s regularly to keep up appearances and to stay at home cause if the mafia captured me like this now who knows what they would do to me.
I was tricked by this woman almost a month ago when she persuaded me to allow her to take my virginity and I mean how could I say no but I didn’t know that meant I’d take her place in her body till I found an other virgin to take my mine but first I have to find one and well, take their virginity.
Reminder that “Don’t Upvote” posts are still banned
Love the storys
I work as a Possesscort, I possess someone and provide the client with all the services a normal escort would... but I got so sick of going in and out of this ONE body so many times! I had over twenty jobs for just this girl! So... I'm staying like this for good! She won't shut up in here either!
"You'll see me on TV in a sec, just keep watching Dr.Phil!" After the great shift, most people really struggled, especially if they went across genders... not me. I thrived, made a career on social media, gave seminars and went on TV... I was a successful Male to female Great Shift victim!
You and your friend swapped with your older sisters in college. They were already drinking about to go to a frat party when you guys possessed them. Feeling excited and drunk for the first time you just had to take a few pics! That’s when your Uber arrived to pick you up for an unforgettable night!
“Don’t forget that’s still my mom.” I said while driving us to Conners house. I owed my long time bully money. And to get my attention he hit his gf to posses my moms body for leverage. She’s only been in her body for an hour but she made herself at home..
My Step Dad was hit with second puberty just after his 45th birthday and it was a big one! He now looks like a beautiful big booty 25 year old women and worse yet it seems like he’s got a craving for cock now but my Mom won’t leave him! So now he’s showing off around the house…needing cock!😅
Are you bored of your live? Have you ever wondered how it would be to be a real life Barbie? Are you curious how it would feel to be a women? Then visit Rent A Bimbo! We'll turn you into the girl of your dream! Just come by and do whatever you always dreamed to do!
My mother makes potions for a living, and as it turns out, one day when I was helping her, she was making a permanent body swap potion for some client. As I was helping her, there was an earthquake, and the potion fell all over us, causing us to swap bodies... (RP/AMA, DM for full prompt)
I had been offered a "once in a life time experience" to make give people joy. I didn't know what they meant when they said it, but I agreed. Next thing I knew, I was in a jar with a queue of people looking at my brainless body! Whats going on?! (art is of me, looking for rp)
My friend decided to hypnotize me. As it turns out there are 2 words that control me now! Switch causes me to change who I am. Slut causes my mind to become weaker. Will someone plz help! (Rp)
Your roommate decided to buy you that skin suit you wanted, but his rule was you couldn't dress it around the house. He paid good money and expects to be able to enjoy his purchase. It's just a suit so you don't know why you feel so embarrassed; it's just the way he looks at you while you do things.
After my identity was revealed to the world as Peter Parker I went to Scarlet Witch for help. For some reason the spell she performed went wrong and I woke up as Petra Parker the amazing spider-woman. Now nobody remembers my identity as Peter
[A4A] m2f downgrades swap
When I reserved my ticket to the Island, a lot of things crossed my mind. Getting railed by a huge cock while enthusiastically enjoying every second of it, was by far one of them! I came HARD, multiple times, not from the pleasure of being stretched, but from the rough tenderness of the deed!
I’m looking to create a group chat revolving around body swap roleplay. I’m curious if anyone would be interested. DM me if you have a scenario idea for that! Would you like a group roleplay
They said they’d punish me if I didn’t make enough sales this month, I didn’t know I’d be turned into a woman!? The office is going to be so embarrassing. (RP Wanted)
I couldn’t believe what my lawyer was trying to tell me on the phone, that I was stuck in this body, that I was meant for it, I guess I was swapped at birth and was never supposed to an athlete or even a man, she is now on the court and well, I guess I have some new extra weight to get used to now.
So, I’ve been the victim of a Reality Wrecker, This person turned everyone I knew into perverted versions of themselves.. including my roommate, who now looks like Scarlett Johansson… but it’s not too bad, I guess I should ask. Did you notice anything else change? (RP?)
I was a high-end escort, paid by rich men to swap with them and to have sex with them whilst swapped. Looking down at them in my body whilst I fucked them with their own dick, gave me a feeling of power. Men would come in all different shapes and sizes. God, busting as a dude feels good! (Rp wanted)
"Why are you looking at me like that?" I sensed that my wife had been different over the past few hours. She was wearing more revealing clothing and was much more flirty than normal. "Nothing, nevermind." I replied. Until I came across my son's mail where it had a Body Theft Ad on it...
I was enjoying my new tits. Last night, I investigated a crashed UFO, and after leaving the sight, I felt a chill inside and my tits just grew. I love not being flat anymore, they bounce so much. And… ow what the hell, why do they hurt so much, and why does it feel like something inside is moving?
my parents are so competitive, one Day in my basketball game they bet my own manhood, the worst thing was that we lost that game, then I lost my manhood thanks to my parents and to top it off they put these huge boobs on me in this cute dress, minimun I can play with them now i'm alone✨😎
Who knew that women's changing rooms were so spacious! My girlfriend dragged me out shopping with her and I was wandering around the store, bored. As soon as I saw this woman I knew what I'd be doing for the few hours I'd be here.
After helping to capture a mafia boss I was put into a witness protection program where I was assigned I new body/life and the rules I was given were to make TikTok’s regularly to keep up appearances and to stay at home cause if the mafia captured me like this now who knows what they would do to me.
AWE-63 (Origin Unknown) A worldwide event occurred at 17:26 GMT, which was every living human changing into their opposite sex. Shared experiences report a frequency resounding through the body. Agents Stoen and Woud tasked with further investigation. PICTURED: Victim adjusting to the initial shock.
My friend and his girlfriend went to Europe. I wanted to go but couldn’t afford it. Suddenly I was swapped into his girlfriend’s body! I’m keeping the swap a secret. I don’t want him to be mad and frankly the sex is too good. I didn’t know he was so big!
The Ceo of the company trued to fire me for attempting to promote recruiting younger, female representatives for company diversity. He was awfully misogynistic about it. Of course I had to step in and make him see it my way. (Rp)
After helping to capture a mafia boss I was put into a witness protection program where I was assigned I new body/life and the rules I was given were to make TikTok’s regularly to keep up appearances and to stay at home cause if the mafia captured me like this now who knows what they would do to me.
Disneyland may be the happiest place on earth, but there's a reason why the Magic Kingdom is the most, well... magical! "I guess wishing upon a star really does work!" laughed Jerry, as he smiled at the camera.
When I look down at my new body I can only think of two things: How I wished to have had my fun with a girl like this before the great shift. And that every guy that I come across probably thinks something similar
One of my coworkers was preety damn awful at there job, annoying most customers, or being unable to keep there attention to sell products or pitcg services. So, as a way to help him, and retain customers, I gave him some new assets. (Rp)
“Dude, please, I need you to do me a favor and fuck me. It’s not gay I swear.” My roommate tells me, flaunting himself at me. I recently drugged him, making him more submissive and bottomly. He was homophobic, and he never knew I was gay. Now, his body and mind is beginning to change
Because of my homophobia, I was required to take a swap assessment class, where I’d have to learn about how another person lives to learn about what it’s like. Well I don’t like it. I’m supposed to keep it a secret, but his boyfriend is too horny. And my body like it.
[M4A] With my wife on yet another month long business trip I've been feeling pent up. Fortunately, all it took was a few X-change pills into my oblivious son's drink to turn him into the perfect replacement.
It’s pretty embarrassing to be the only person ever to have undergone second puberty and turned from a man to a woman. My family and friends are being so weird too… (RP choose which I turn into)
Craig was a virgin in his 30’s, he had never even dated a woman. He was a huge incel and an even bigger sexist. He couldn’t understand why women didn’t want him. Then he woke up in the body of his nightmares. He was actually…one of them.
Ambs Ajami has big, natural, Persian tits
my friend watched a lot of porn but hated any video with a guy since the guys dick was in it. Well one day he sent me these photos while telling me that he shaped with mia khalifa's body
When my wife discovered she's infertile, her bestie volunteered herself as a surrogate, though my wife still wanted me involved. So here I am in her body, carrying my own child in my womb. The hormones are ravaging me, swelling my breasts with milk in preparation, which my wife insists on checking
I had agreed to swap with my pretty coworker for a particularly boring business trip in return for a favor down the line. I wasn’t supposed to do anything crazy in her body but this morning I woke up half naked with a handsome guy in my bed. Hopefully I can cover this up before she finds out!
You tricked me into wearing an enchanted wetsuit... once I put it on, my body was transformed into a new shape! You really want a girlfriend that badly, huh?
The genital swap virus ran through your town a month ago. It almost seemed unbelievable until it happened to you. But nothing shocked you as much as when you went to check on your dad and saw him playing with your stepmother and stepsister (RP)
(MtF4A) looking for a long term details person to RP with
When I came back from the swap clinic with my new body, I kept getting the question why I chose a older female body. Well the answer is pretty simple, these boobs
I sent a photo to some friends with a message attached. “So I went to swap clinic and I’m now a girl. Not exactly what I was expecting. Shall we meet up?” (RP)
My dad is always hanging with his friends at the golf course, barely having any time for me. What better way of getting to be with him than to bodyswap with the caddy he’s around? But I am starting to feel other things too…
After the great shift things were very different, went from cute and small to massive and intimidating. People walk around me on the street now, and when i talk the entire fucking room keeps Silent. I wonder what happened to my asshole ex and sexist boss…
One minute it was you and I on the beach, best buddies who were spending a summer day far from home, but something must’ve happened between the time you closed your eyes and opened them, because I was gone, and a girl was in my place. “Ugh, you’re finally awake!” I say with a smile.
I was out on a hike with my best friend, yes she’s female, and No, we’re happy being just friends. Anyways, while we were walking I noticed she disappeared for a good two minutes behind before reappearing with this big smile. Little did I know that a forest spirit possessed her…
I was studying greek mythology when the Shift happened. Now I'm one of Aphrodite's hand maidens. It's amazing being back in these times and see history first hand...I just wish I wasn't expected to "pray" to the goddess three times a day!
"I'll still go on your date for you, but couldn't you've picked a better outfit? Look how little it covers my butt. I have zero coverage, my dress is gonna be sliding up all night!" You sent this picture to your old phone to show, but your sister says "It looks fine, besides it's fun being exposed!"
Things can get weird when when your brother swaps with his teacher in swap class. Ms. Edwards was the hottest teacher in school and now m brother gets to live her life. He is inviting me over to her house today so we can catch up, I'm definitely excited. (RP)
Being on spring break and going to the beach is supposed to be fun. Hang with the boys, get drunk and party. But you ACCIDENTALLY run into a witch and suddenly she turns ya into a chick. I just hope the boys still recognize it’s me
I felt like I was wasting my life working a dead end retail job. I wished that I could do something else. After making my wish I suddenly I swapped with this nurse. I love my job now! It’s hard work but Im helping people. Also after a long shift I go home and get dicked down by my new boyfriend!
I was your mom and really had trouble connecting with you. That’s why I wished on a shooting star that I could better understand you and relate to you. The next morning i found myself aged down to the same age as you! I’m young again! (Rp always open)
A big wave hit most of us in the water. As soon as most of us came out of the water we noticed we weren’t the same. We looked like seaweed people now. But then our bodies had stood up from the water. My own body looked back at me with green eyes. A bit of seaweed was in its mouth…
My daughter needed help with her college homework, so she swapped me with her roommate so I could help. “Ok honey. Where’s the spell book so you can send me back home?” (RP)
They say there’s a magic picture frame in the forest that makes you into whoever you were supposed to be. When I found it and stepped in I was shocked to become decades older and a woman! As memories of a happy(and sex filled) life fill my head I know this will work out well for me.
We were two college students messing around in the new DNA modifier when we decided to put in a sample from one of the popular girls on campus. It changed us into clones of her but it seems we retained our races, becoming Caucasian and East Asian versions of her. More “experimenting” is required.
“Babe, wait!” I yelled, running towards my girlfriend, who got mad at me and switched our bodies at gym, then left with my car. I was out of breath, and decided to walk all the way back home.(Rp always open)
As a straight man, the idea of having anything in my arse was horrific. However when second puberty stopped prematurely and left me with my cock, I eventually had to experiment. Now I have to say.. I love it! (RP)
deepnude.to - AI that removes clothes from images
when I was a teenager I went to the gym every day, I was very good, weeks later I bet with guy that I could carry more weight than him, unfortunately I lost and as punishment they turned me into a busty woman, now I went back to the gym and but the only weight what i can carry is my huge boobs🥲👍🏻🚺✨
I should've listened to my BF and tried them pills waaay sooner. He's always been into freckled big-titted brunettes and I've always hated that, until now. I don't know if I am turned on more by how adorably sexy he looks with huge tits or by how he sucks my cock like the cumslut he wanted me to be!
Fresh out of the shower
YOU were stroking one out to Lena Paul. YOU were about to blow YOUR load when the world spun and YOU found yourself being manhandled and getting stuffed with fat cock! Holy shit! YOU’RE Lena Paul! YOU couldn’t move or stop this, you were too stunned to do or say anything! YOU were stuck!
As a new punishment for rapists, they're being swapped with their victims and sent out late at night alone. Hopefully once they get a taste of their own medicine they'll regret their actions!
When the Role exchanger passed over my town I was terrified, we knew it was coming... but once it was passed I was thrilled! I basically just swapped bodies with a celebrity! Except of course for my extra features... My body got merged with a cat! I'm not only a celeb, but the worlds first catgirl!
[M4F] Lucky me! It's government mandated body swap day and I've been assigned to swap with the hottest girl in the class! (RP)
https://deepnude.to/r/nygrbp3nti2aub2
Things haven’t been the same since the storm…
My dad was abit displeased with the fact that for a man I didn't end up very tall. And he was always voicing his opinion on it, saying "It was girly." So with abit of magic, I could look down on him and show him what its like being a short girl that he likes to describe. (Rp)
I was a football star. I was getting better and better, till one day this cheerleader swapped our bodies. I was furious but claimed she’d swap us back if I had sex with her. She was squealing and clapping like a girl, even talking like her normal self too. Clearly, I had to take charge…(rp wanted)
It was a strange night, there was a shock wave that hit everyone and swapped them with each other. You were my roommate and you got effected. But, i didn’t. I was immune to the changes. I woke up from sleeping with my girlfriend, i didn’t know you got swapped into her. You woke up first (rp)
You had a crush on your friend for as long as you can remember. He’s so handsome and strong but you knew he never felt the same. All that changed when you swapped with his girlfriend. Now you kiss him knowing tonight he’s going to fuck you like you always wanted!
"Who would have thaught that I will get Emily's body in swap class?" I said in my friend's crush's body, calling him on discord. "Are you ready for a little show?"
You were in shock when I forced us into our own mom’s bodies, but after a few minutes of arguing, that shock and confusion only grew as I locked our lips together for a passionate kiss. At the end I smile, “Did you like that?”
My friend hates his body, He told me to use my swap power to swap him into a more muscular body. I saw the perfect guy i focus my powers and begin to swap their souls, Unfortunately, for him this lady walk in the way. The swap is permanent and my friend is a little annoyed right now. (RP)
Slice of life story based Rp
‏I used to buly you in highschool a few years had passed since then and you see me back in town i became a better person but you couldnt let go of the past you decided to slip an xchange pill in my drink and make me the woman of your dreams (Rp pm/dm's open)
Your father's large suit collection meant he was deep in debt and was willing to do anything to make more money to keep his collection going. Well after your uncle died you came into quite the inheritence and it didn't take long to convince him to help make some money...
“Hey, I hate this as much as you do, but you heard what the government said…” After the Great Shift, everyone was lost in the world. You hadn’t swapped, but I did. I was your bully, and ended up in your girlfriend’s body. They told us to act like our bodies… that’s why I was here with you on a date…
After the lockdown started, we spent most of our days in the apartment, getting bored and bored as days went by. You decided you couldn’t wait anymore and used your magic to turn me into a female. “Robert! What the hell did you do to me!?” (Rp always open)
‏I used to buly you in highschool a few years had passed since then and you see me back in town i became a better person but you couldnt let go of the past you decided to slip an xchange pill in my drink and make me the woman of your dreams (Rp pm/dm's open)
I don’t know how she did it but my sister turned me into an exact copy of her, she had a important job interview the same day as a anniversary date with her boyfriend. Wait is he pulling a ring out of his pocket?
OMG! Idk what is happening but apparently every time someone says “change” I seem to switch bodies with someone near me! Help I just became my best friends sist!
swap class was weird. first they put this helmet on you and the entire class and then you swap bodies with someone random. plus now aways you also get their mannerisms and speech patterns. now im stuck as the big titted thick thighed weird girl who dresses live every day is a comic convention. (rp)
"This swap club is AMAZING, I got super lucky with my body!" I took a selfie of my self for now, just to remember. If only I'd known tonight was the night this swap club would burn down... along with the swap records, and machine... now this was me forever!
My Roommate mocked me for buying a bath robe, saying I must have something to hide, even though I just wanted comfort. After enough pestering I decided it was his turn, and this time, he'd really have something to hide under that robe. (Rp)
The nerd at school was finally fed up with me bullying him, and brought some sort of remote to school that could warp reality. But before he could use it, I stole it, and shot him, standing before me a much bustier version of his bratty sister. (Rp)
My friends secretly installed a body shape app on my phone. After i came back in the living room again, my best friend laughed at me whilst tapping on the phone. Now they see the basic options for the first 24h, every day they can change my body. I cant get back to being a guy ever again.(Rp in pms)
I never knew why I’m the last month, I’ve woken up so tired. That was when I had an accidental alarm set for 6 AM and woke up. But my body was already awake and moving. I was so shock at not being able to move and orgasming, and then it was over. What’s happening to me in my sleep?
I woke up in a different room I look in next to me and see I’m sleeping next to my sister realising I had just swapped bodies with my sister’s boyfriend what do I do now how did this happen (rp open any time)
My twin-sister and I were never happy as we were. We each wanted what the other had. After explaining this to our family, we had a special ceremony. Today is my first day out after it was done. (Dm/rp in chat)
Lucy was devastated when her father’s body swap machine blew up in their house causing her to swap with the family dog Bruce. What made it worse was that her brother decided to modify Bruce’s favorite toy! (RP)
After we got back from the swap clinic, my girlfriend (who was in my body) dared her mother (now in her body) and I (in mom's) to have sex. At first we were just having fun, not taking it seriously, until we realized just how serious she was. She insisted. She kept grabbing her crotch, and smiling..
“How’d I know you’d be in my room trying on my clothes again? Wow you actually turned out cute. Let’s see how much you actually like being a girl.” (Rp)
Sarah was babysitting her neighbor’s kid when she started feeling light headed. When she woke up, she was tied down and forced to watch whoever was in her body have their way with it! (RP)
Dream Developments - Part Five
“Now this is a body I can work with”. I decided it was time for me to switch bodies. I met Triss on tinder. Took her out on a date and during our first kiss I possessed her. Took her home and discovered she’s trans! I am so happy. What do you guys think?
A general bodyswap rp request! [M4A]
You couldn’t take your eyes off the beautiful woman in red at the gala. There was something unnaturally attracting you to her. So when she slipped away, you made your move and followed her. But what’s that on the back of her neck... is it... a zipper?!
Ever since my girlfriend swapped with her aunt she’s been acting different. Her new breasts are definitely bigger but now... her desire for sex is even bigger too! She’s wearing bikinis all around the apartment to tease me. I’m not sure how much longer I can keep up with her sexual appetite!
After cheating on my girlfriend she me I wouldn’t survive as a girl and how har it was to be a girl I laughed in her face a random day after I had a 1 night stand and woke up in the body of the girl I was fucking the next morning
For you, my best friend, I agreed to take a swap pill and be your date to a wedding. I agreed to stay in the single bed room, I agreed to flirt and be romantic with you. But I didn’t expect it to be permanent, or that we would both enjoy it so much. Now I can’t help but look at you this way. Rp
My ex was so mad at me for breaking up with her. Not only did she start to date my long time high school bully. But now she planned to posses my mothers body and date him. One night I saw my mother all dressed up. My ex in her body ready to go to her new man.
I should have never made fun of the anime club. One day I am laughing at them at lunch and the next day I wake up like this. RP open.
My family had gone on vacation but we accidentally went to exchange island. I ended up in my aunts body, I looked back at my old body as I had no intention to swap back.
I arrived at my friends house and was surprised to see his mother tied up, naked. She seemed to know I was coming, as she smirked. Shortly after, my vision went dark. When I opened my eyes, I looked down to see my new body. Shocked, I looked over to see my old body holding up my phone, smiling...
Yesterday after work I went home and fell asleep. I was so tired. I woke up looking like this! I read online about some kind of second puberty? Anyone going through this as well that’s willing to talk?
I used to feel so conflicted about girl's outfits at the gym. I didn't get why they'd dress like that and felt so inadequate hiding my boners while not being in their league. Then after the shift, I realized they were just existing. Like, it's not my fault this is my body: ANYTHING looks sexy on me!
"Come on! We both know how good I am as a girl! Just cause I got the slut flu doesn't mean you should keep blowing me off!" Ever since the SlutFlu turned me into a woman, I've been... asking you on dates. The desperation of my request seems to go up at the same time as my skirt gets shorter...
After being kidnapped and taken to an unknown place, I wake up in some random woods. After trying to get back up, I feel a weird weigh om my chest. I start to panic and go searching for help. " hello is there somebody?? Helloooo" (dm open for any rp)
I’m still not entirely used to my new body ever since the great shift. I’ve adjusted enough, finally realizing I can’t go topless. But I don’t think I’ll ever be happy being a girl. At least my friends still allow me at boys day. (Rp)
My body was swapped with a girl in my class, I was racing back to my house when suddenly her car ran out of gas, I couldn’t pay it for gas due to rise in prices, so I flashed my new tits to convince the employee to give it to me for free, this was so embarrassing
Me and you have been beat friends for years now one night when were out on a party i got drunk and insulted this woman she cursed me as we both left the party the next morning i wake up like this not knowing what to do i text you ‘’i need you now something happend please hurry’’ (RP open dm me:)
“Oh sorry I didn’t mean to come in here” I accidentally walked into the girls locker room, trying to leave they pulled me back “hold on, now I don’t think you understand, walk in here and your one of the girls” I was confused “girls? Miss I’m a…” she tapped my head and I was turned into a woman
“Wow, why do those girls dress so slutty, ugh I’m guessing their dumb too” they hear me and approach me “excuse me, what’s your name, Andy? Oh no it’s Angela now” she waves her hand turning me into a woman “you wanna call us dumb and slutty, you can have fun with your 15 IQ ya bimbo, see ya haha”
Despite grounding her my daughter snuck out, probably to go to a local music festival. Just to be sure I used a spell to posses her body and see what she was up to. Strangely I felt pretty at home in her young female form. Would it be so wrong to enjoy myself a little?
my parents decided the whole family should go to swap therapy. I was against it from the start, that is till she suggested that us kids swap with the parents. I was hoping I'd get to be dad but being mom could have it's advantages. "Ok everyone, let's go home"
"Babe please dont put it in, it was a one time thing. A accident was all" i tried explaining to my girlfriend. She had found out i had cheated on her with her best friend so as revenge she turned me into a girl and herself into a guy and intends to cumlock me as a girl in revenge for what i did(Rp)
DO NOT HIT UPVOTE! It activates a Glitch in reality that swaps you into a reality where you were born the opposite gender. Instead of me trying to get my wife pregnant, my new husband got me pregnant last night!!
"Call me yours!" My wife died nearly a year ago. Since then I've been heartbroken as I stayed with my in-laws. Suddenly, my mother in law approached me, saying she was Sasha, my wife!
“Wait…. Matt, that’s really you in there?” My girlfriend asks, shocked. I nod sadly from my dad’s body, and she turns red. “I’m so sorry.. I didn’t know…”
"You think this was what I wanted, punk?" I ask, leaning forward in my new female body, "I didn't wanna steal your little princess daughters body, but it was this or prison." You were a head detective, and I a mob boss. So when I was sentenced to life in prison, I picked a new 'cell', your daughter.
Not even Second Puberty could keep me away from art! That's why you, my friend, found me here drawing the view, hours after I was gone from home. (RP)
My jaw drops as I walk into the backyard. In the middle of the lawn, pieces of the machine that swapped me with my older neighbor are strewn across the grass. He smirks, turning to me. “I’m sorry. But I think this is for the best.”
The Great Shift was not kind to me. I got stuck my coworker’s body - a nerdy computer guy one floor down. My wife has been understanding, but a he ended up in her younger sister, and I think she doesn’t like it when I stare.
When the role exchanger hit, I got the legs of a local supermodel, the head of my neighbor, the stomach of a college volleyball player, but the chest of a guy. I’ve decided that since I don’t have tits, I’m not wearing bras or bikini tops (RP/AMA)
Woke up in my wifes body on vacation. Her bull keeps texting me to meet up. Idk what to do. RP?
"Babe please dont put it in, it was a one time thing. A accident was all" i tried explaining to my girlfriend. She had found out i had cheated on her with her best friend so as revenge se turned me into a girl to fuck me to try teach me a lesson and turned her friend into a guy as revenge aswell(Rp)
"S-WAP!" Your girlfriend had been acting strange the last few days, dying her hair, buying new outfits, and ignoring you entirely. She left in the middle of the night so you followed her to a strange club. Suddenly, your vision falters as your chest grows heavy, your mind now drunk on the music..
I’d been sent a strange package in the mail. It contained a strange choker. Curious, I felt compelled to put it on. My body felt strange and when I tried to take it off I couldn’t! Next thing I know there was now a girl and there was a knock on my door (RP)
‏I used to buly you in highschool a few years had passed since then and you see me back in town i became a better person but you couldnt let go of the past you decided to slip an xchange pill in my drink and make me the woman of your dreams (Rp pm/dm's open)
"im telling you your obsession with long well controlled tongues is weird" I told my friend. we had made a bet on a game and I lost. so he decided to turn me I to his dream girl "also I drool a lot" I said sticking my tongue out. I just hope I can win with this new body so I can change back(rp)
my stepsister was jelous when I announced I was getting engaged. she had never been able to keep a man because she was a slut . so as revenge she decided to swap our lives. one minute I'm looking at venues with my fiance the next we are in some loft getting fucked. "WTF" I moan in my new voice(rp)
I was trying to help boost my shy friends confidence but he couldnt even do something simple like post a snap. I decided to send him a special link that'd make him wanna show off, be brimming with confidence even, and honestly, judging by his first post, it turned out better then expected. (Rp)
Swap-Parties were truly wild. You didn't know who you'd end up swapping with or who'd you'd end up with for the night. Take me for example, I ended up in this killer blonde and her 'friend' was more than happy to help show me how to truly party~
I found out that my wife was cheating on me, so when I confronted her she said I needed to see from first hand her reasons. A moment later I was an exact copy of her, we were grabbing each other with all this stuff around and OMG...is that her lover? (RP)
‏I used to buly you in highschool a few years had passed since then and you see me back in town i became a better person but you couldnt let go of the past you decided to slip an xchange pill in my drink and make me the woman of your dreams (Rp pm/dm's open)
My mom
Last time your wife caught you cheating she warned you to never do it again. At the time you promised + you meant it. But the little co-ed was so hot and you were away on business so how could your wife possibly find out? But after you came, you started to change. (More in comments)
We were enjoying spring break when you said you wished you had a slut with a nice ass who would let you do whatever you wanted to her. I laugh, but the laugh is more girly than I expected. I feel my entire bod changing. “No!!” I try to scream (RP)
How was I supposed to know the pool was cursed, I took my girlfriend and my brother to swim i thought it would fun but something weird happened. Apparently if two people enter the pool at once they swap. All it took was my girlfriend dipping her toys in and now brother is in her body. (RP)
The spell worked. I’ve completely taken over my crush’s mind while putting her own into a deep sleep. I look in the mirror and see this cute outfit I’m wearing. Curious, I lift up the skirt to see what panties she has on, just as I’m checking her boyfriend walks in with his cock out, smiling…
[kik lunchbox8 or wickr funhubby80901 ] I agreed to take body swap pills with my wife thinking it was a joke. when I woke up this morning I was in her body and she was gone with mine and text me saying she would be back late. I call you (my brother) to come over. [ hung guys that show preferred]
"Mooooom!!! What did you do?!" I shrieked as I found myself in a new body. I know she said if I didn't give her grandkids soon she'd take matters into her own hands, but this?! I'm her son for crying out loud!!
My Christmas bonus this year was a free advanced nanotech surgery that would redesign my body however I wished. I choose to make my self a cute busty black woman to the surprise of my friends and family. My wife in particular is a bit of unsure of being in a lesbian relationship.
Remind me never to go to a swap party again. Sure I had fun being a guy, but I didn't see my body for hours. After searching all the rooms, I finally found it. Of course I had to join in. Who am I kidding, I'll definitely go back even if my body's still sore from it.
After the Shift, Ryan's life has been pretty stressful like losing his construction job and his marriage ending. But luckily he had some new anti-stress toys to help him relax.
After we got back from the swap clinic, my girlfriend (who was in my body) dared her mother (now in her body) and I (in mom's) to have sex. At first we were just having fun, not taking it seriously, until we realized just how serious she was. She insisted. She kept grabbing her crotch, and smiling..
As a muggle-born wizard I've always been almost completely oblivious to most of the intricacies the wizarding world, specially the kinky ones. Today I tried one of the "Bartie Butts Every Gender Beans" for the first time, and I must to confess: I was nothing but flabbergasted at the results!
“Babe who is this woman registered in our auto closet and why did it glitch and turn me into her” my girlfriend was out of town and I had to tell her what happened, I was turned into a woman why wouldn’t I tell her “I need you to come back right now, the closet wont turn me back saying ERROR:599”
I was doing some travelling around Japan and when staying at an inn I was given a beautiful meal. Thanking as best I could with my basic language skills I ate it before going to sleep. When I woke up though, my body was completely changed.. I can't even get home now
You had gone out for a smoke. As you did, one of your dads inventions malfunctioned and turned everyone in the house into women and changed any of the women already in the house! You turn and run into the house which is full of pink smoke and screams. (RP always open)
Your partner gets swapped with your parent, which do you have sex with? (POLL)
I just don't get the few lucky straight guys that, like myself, landed in gorgeous gorgeous girls and are unhappy about it. Like if you liked women so much, what's so wrong with being one? If anything, the shift allowed me to get more involved into my two favorite hobbies: cosplay &amp; sexy lingerie.
I was taking Grandpa out for what I thought would be our final hike together. That changed when we found a mysterious grove of grapevines and he started eating them. I was amazed at how much his body changed. He’s got a new lease on life now, though I suspect he’ll do things very differently.
Tina thought she was going to enjoy a nice day at the spa with her family when the next door Swap Springs water filled the sauna! When the most cleared up, she was left dumbfounded at the sight of her body fucking her own brother! (RP)
Emilia Clarke and I had been seeing each other in secret for about a year. We finally decided we could go on a date, but she didn’t want to be seen with me when she was dating someone else. She then revealed she was a witch and put me in a body she could be seen with.
The Trait Exchange - Part One
Swapped at Birth - Part One
My former body gives me a look, replying in a hushed tone. “Sorry, *Mom*, but I’m not ready to swap back yet. And do a better job of playing your part!” She chides.
This video is to all the world to see me. I am Zaronis, the most powerful spirit to ever live on earth! I am broadcasting myself, possessing this poor girl and fingering myself to get your attention. I want all the world to bow down or I will ruin your lives just like this girl. Do you submit to me?
This video is to all the world to see me. I am Zaronis, the most powerful spirit to ever live on earth! I am broadcasting myself, possessing this poor girl and fingering myself to get your attention. I want all the world to bow down or I will ruin your lives just like this girl. Do you submit to me?
A swapping mishap put me in the body of Marissa, one of my graduate students. Without an obvious way to switch back, I had to try to make my morning slate of therapy sessions. And this next patient seems very interested in Dr. Roberts’ “replacement.”
The great shift was utter chaos, My mom swapped with a southern man who was once in the military. He was angry at first but hes learned to appreciate his body. He still likes to represent the red white and blue though. (RP)
My dad came home from work last night and announced he got a promotion. But there was a catch. The CEO of my dad’s company wanted to teach his spoiled daughter a lesson, so I have to swap with her for a full 2 months! Say hello to the new Paige Cuthbert (RP)
“I’m glad you talked me into a trip to exchange island. It’s been a lot to get used to but being this hot blonde has been amazing. Part of me wishes our trip wasn’t ending.. unless.. “ (RP)
"Book Worm!" I was at the local library when I found this long thin wispy worm. I tossed it away in disgust, but the normally shy librarian picked it up, and the worm slithered it's way inside her! "Oh my, what a lovely new host.." Now she's stripping and wants me to find her more "hosts?!"
We were getting ready for bed, and things were going to be getting hot and heavy when all of a sudden I noticed my girlfriends eyes glow. "This... This is how they feel?" she said, with a wicked smile.
My mom was planning on leaving my step dad. I had no idea, but he found out and turned me into a younger, curvier version of my mom! Says he'll turn me back if I give him a son and raise my stepsister. There has to be another way, right?!
I was camping in the wood with my boyfriend. I was sitting by the pond and decided to read this book I found. I read the book out loud and a flash happens. What happens next?
DO NOT HIT UPVOTE! It activates a Glitch in reality that swaps you into a reality where you were born the opposite gender. Instead of me trying to get my wife pregnant, my new husband got me pregnant last night!!
"What the fuck? Tits? Fuck you man!" I shout. You were going on a vacation and had invited me, but I couldn't afford it. To join you, you extracted my soul, and slipped it into someone at the resort. We had agreed on a man, but that was too difficult, so you slipped my soul into this girl. (RP/DM)
So, it's been a week. One day I'm the kicker on my college football team, the next I'm a the cheerleader and a goth girl is apologizing to me. She wanted to swap her boyfriend into the quarterback and missed. Kicking is mostly mental though, so coach is finding XS pads, cause the new guy sucks.
(M4F) You managed to get swapped into your crush. It's hard to explore your new body while you're helplessly tied up though
I wake up like this. What am I going to tell my family. How did this happen?!(RP)
At random moments I find myself swapping with this older woman. She seems to like it, acting like she is me and partying like crazy. Every change lasts longer than the last, but she claims she doesn't understand how it happens either. I think she's getting addicted to being me... is she behind this?
I found a strange remote, I tried it on my TV and it didn't work. I saw a weird button that said copy I accidentall pressed it aiming at myself, Nothing happened then I saw my hot neighbor Shelby tanning by the pool I pressed the button aimed it at her. She ran into my house and said she is me. (RP)
I've been taking more baths ever since my ex stole my body. It helps with the aches and pains of the pregnancy she left me with.. I need to find her and swap back before it's too late. Still, as my hand moves to my submerged crotch, I have to admit that having a vagina isn't all bad..
Me and my girlfriend decided to go to Exchange Mountain for a getaway from our old lives for a bit. Arriving there we quickly found a friendly couple our age that was interested in swapping bodies with us. Now I'm using my new dick on my girlfriend's new pussy! Best vacation we've ever done!
The great shift happened and now I'm a sorority girl about to get initiated into Sigma Delta Lambda. I'm scared but ready. Ama
[M4A] Love to chat with some people as I’m stuck in my mom’s body, maybe some friends have ideas for how to get back to mine?
You hadn’t seen me in a while and decided to check in on me. You went over to my apartment and let yourself in, seeing this beautiful girl shirtless. “D-dude! Knock next time!” I shouted covering up… something about me seemed really familiar. (RP)
I should’ve known better then to hike by the military waste site out in the desert. The chemicals there mutated me from an ordinary man to a giant woman! Now I roam the wilderness as a local legend, always staying one step ahead of the government.
My dad was always supportive of me and my inventions, I had another one I was working on and he was willing to be my guinea pig. The device was to make him turn younger, which I guess he did but the side effect was he changed genders. (RP)
(A4A) Sibling comes home after partying and some Swapping happens...
I was swapped with this rebel bitch during the great shift. I don't know how to be a southern girl and this bikini top is horrible. I sent a text to my friend and he joked that my new family is lucky. wtf is that supposed to mean? (AmA)
After participating in the TV show "Slut or wallet" I lost and was forced to become a woman, now I must follow my contract and while the winner becomes a businessman I am a bitch thirsty for cum. (RP OPEN)
Instead of getting up early in the morning I just hopped into my step mom's body and made a cup of coffee for my original body. It tastes much better like this!
When my friend finished his time machine he had me it. I was going to become a local. I chose the middle ages. When I got there I was lost in the body of some woman. Eventually a hunter found me. Turns out I've become some wench and he expect me to act like it if I want to get to a town. (RP)
I didn't mean to trigger the FOSE, espeically with my best friends little sister... but here I was, ready for my uni class in HER body... It just happened! I was jacking off, she texted me and... boom, I came her on my mind... I wonder if she triggered it...
40 randomly selected men and women who were desperate to start a new life, however some didn’t read the fine print as the experiment was permanent, rings were synced randomly with a one time wear use were despatched by post - who did you swap with and is your new life everything what you dreamed of.
I was fighting the Lizard until he threw me into his lab that was underground. A liquid fell onto my mask. It leaks into my mouth. I felt pain in my body. So before i got caught, i get away and land on your (Gwen) apartment building roof as my body finishes changing. You came up to the roof to me.
We were best friends and our girlfriends wanted us to try something. They wanted to swap bodies with us. We were reluctant but agreed. I swapped into my girlfriend(left) whilst you swapped into yours(right) Why have they made us wear Christmas clothes in March, have they got boners…(rp wanted)
“Do you really want me to sleep on the couch? Is has been days…” I said in the body of your ex. My own girlfriend had kicked me out since the FOSE happened. It might have been wrong to think about the ex of my best friend but who can blame me? “Maybe I can repay if you allow me” I said biting my lip
Jay was a very effeminate gay man. Unfortunately, there weren’t any gay guys in his home town. So rather than move, he decided to use a spell to give himself a body no man could resist. Unfortunately, it backfired and turned him into a very famous woman (RP)
"No dude, someone else did my hair and make up... this is so embarrassing man..." For swap class I got swapped with a figure skater... all of my old hockey team mates just made fun of me all the time! But the next game wouldn't go so well... my old body died! Now I was stuck as an ice girl...
When my girlfriend and I swapped bodies, I hated it. She acts feminine in my body and talks like a girl, but when it comes to anything sexual she becomes really demanding and doesn’t stop asking until I agree. Sometimes I think she caused the swap, this is the 9th time we are doing this…(rp wanted)
The great shift was not the best for me. I had been a 21 year old guy and now I am a 43 year old mother of three. I guess I look good for my age, but I’ve lost half my life and ‘my kids’ refuse to respect me. (RP)
(M4TF) "C-come on dude, d-don't you think you're taking advantage of me here?" You'd complain as you struck a cute pose while wearing a rather slutty catgirl outfit. Ever since you underwent top and bottom surgery and fully transitioned, your roommate's been using you as living fap fuel~
It was all over the news, peoples bodies were being possessed by these spirits. Pulling peoples souls out of their bodies and possessing them. Scott knew he had to keep his girlfriend safe but when he got to her, her soul was already getting extracted her eyes white and her body empty to be filled.
It was pretty obvious my friend was going threw second puberty. But he still hasn’t admitted it to anyone. Everyone agreed to support him and give him time but this is getting ridiculous he doesn’t even look like a guy anymore.
Magic has other plans- Part 4 (interactive)
"Damn, I can't believe it worked this well!" Stacy was tired of all the guys saying she was too weak for sports, so she decided to make herself a body that could outdo all of them in the college's science lab. But first, she decided to show off her new body to her best friend Carla. "Whaddya think?"
it was hard for me to even look in my mirror anymore, she took everything from me in the divorce, my house, my money, even my fucking cock! to make things worse I got her pussy and its been feminizing me! I can barely even hang around the guys anymore! their wives are starting to not trust me!
Let’s talk about becoming sluts together I want us to look like one of these and go out hunting for big cock or you can be that big cock just choose who you want me to be. We can also have a bodysuit rp. Pls be bi and horny, let’s cum!!
I was spending some time in a mall, wanting to find a bit of excitement. I then looked around and spotted this pretty hot chick who I decided would be the perfect way to get some excitement. I snuck up on her and then hopped inside her, trying to take control as fast as possible. (RP)
(M4A playing F) Looking to Try Out A Variety of Ideas
I took a lovely bath, with a panic bought soap in my hotel room, my skin felt softer, thighs more soft, and after the bath I saw the mirror to see this hottie I have become, in panic I called you. (rp)
D0NT UPVOTE THIIIS!!! If you do you’ll turn into a bimbo... the virus is real!! And worse than that youal be forced to repost.! Don’t fall for it!!1!
My first time sunbathing since my shift! I'm so glad the girls in my friend group are so inclusive. I know I should be horny, seeing them all scantily clad, but honestly I am just happy to be invited. This body makes me feel weird around my guy friends, the girls make me feel like I actually belong.
CAREFUL WITH YOUR UPVOTES! I thought it was just some weird inside joke until I upvoted a post stating I would be swapped into a girl's body. So I just jokingly challenged to put me into a cute blonde's body.. And here we are. Well, my roomies loves it.. WATCH OUT PEOPLE!
(RP) My friends used to mock me for both my lack of a work ethic and my sexual attraction to busty Asian women. They wouldn't make fun of me if they knew that I woke up as this big-titted Asian woman who is married to a massively rich man. Life is GOOD now. I love pleasing him.
After your second puberty you became interested in sex. Your sister caught you on tinder and told you, you weren't ready for the real thing. She decides to show you by licking your nipple until you couldn't take it anymore. "See that's just a tongue. Just wait till our lesson on penetration."
when my dad died I was left in the custody of my Stepmum. unfortunately she never liked me and thought she'd like a daughter better, now I'm 18 and she wants to finish the job with surgery, it's not like I'll ever be a man again maybe I should just agree now (Ama)
[M4A] I had done everything to cut my crazy stalker ex out of my life, even going so far as to move back in with my parents. It was then, just as I thought it was over, that my mom walked in "Did you really think you'd seen the last of me? Now, be a good boy and give mommy some sugar.~"
I loved arcades, always have, When I hit up my local arcade and saw a new machine I had to try it out. it was called Estrotriumph, and apparently if you beat the last level like I just did the machine just turns you into a hot chick!
An alien slug appeared in my bedroom and swapped our bodies a moment ago! It’s disorienting, needing to look up at MY body as it cavorts around teasing me. What is it doing here? Don’t squish me—swap us back please!!
It's been a a few days since this woman swapped our bodies. She seems to enjoy being young and fit again a lot. I figured maybe I should get her body into shape. Perhaps she'll be inclined to swap us back then? She laughed when I told her this though... What do you think, am I on the right track?
It's been a a few days since this woman swapped our bodies. She seems to enjoy being young and fit again a lot. I figured maybe I should get her body into shape. Perhaps she'll be inclined to swap us back then? She laughed when I told her this though... What do you think, am I on the right track?
It's been a a few days since this woman swapped our bodies. She seems to enjoy being young and fit a lot. I figured maybe I should get her body in shape. Perhaps she'll be inclined to swap us back then? She laughed when I told her this though... What do you think, am I making good progress?
My dad was always supportive of me and my inventions, I had another one I was working on and he was willing to be my guinea pig. The device was to make him turn younger, which I guess he did but the side effect was he changed genders. (RP)
I was lucky to escape the mad scientist’s island fortress with my life, but not my body. He had placed me into a fit young woman, giving me the strength to break out and steal a boat before his goons noticed. Of course it’s pretty dangerous on the ocean as well but I’ve got to get help somehow.
I've just found this subreddit where Role Exchanger victims show off their altered bodies. Damn, sometimes I wish that blue orb would also visit my town and change me too. [Images from Alternate Universes #8 - A collab with the great Guiomar12]
My dad was always supportive of me and my inventions, I had another one I was working on and he was willing to be my guinea pig. The device was to make him turn younger, which I guess he did but the side effect was he changed genders. (RP)
Salma Hayek was very into astral projection. She had mastered exploring the world in her astral form. But this time when she was exploring she saw an evil spirit circling her body. Before she could do anything it flew right into her body. She could only watch in horror as her eyes flew open (RP)
(A4A) Parents were away for the weekend and you/your sister was in charge. The one in charge left to go partying, when they came home they woke up their sibling. Not wanting to get out of bed the sibling uses their swapping powers to jump into their sibling, but they are with their partner! RP
Mom had been working on a case involving strange artifacts being smuggled into the country. The legend that they had mystical powers seemed absurd until she was exposed to one and it caused us to switch bodies! Now I have to solve this mystery in her place!
I’d just gotten my new body at the swap clinic, I’m the car ride home I couldn’t wait to explore myself
Oh gosh, im barely waking up from yesterday party and like something is totes off, like why am i even in your room? (RP)
A year ago, you had thrown a box into the pond filled with little notes of what your dream girl would be like. Everything from hair to hobbies. You forgot about it a few months later. That was until a lightning bolt that hit the pond… as you walked over to see the damage, you saw a girl walking out…
Waking up to this view was scary enough, but I soon discovered my brother had been looking at forced bodyswap stories on my computer. After my mom found it, she thought it had been me... so on my birthday she swapped us! She even did something so I can't tell anyone "just like in those stories"...
"Hey bro" I texted one of my friends from my step mom's phone. "you like what you see? I swapped with my step mom. I know you've had a hard on for her so maybe let's fuck. "
Knocking on my parents door for the family reunion “hey nice to meet you? Who are you exactly” my parents said “uh hey mom, hey dad, it’s me your son, sorry I didn’t tell you I took a permanent Xchange” they looked shocked “sorry I never told you, your not mad are you?”
I wanted to get a cola at the mall but I was 5¢ short. I still tried to persuade the guy selling it but he wouldn't budge. So I transformed into one of my classmates and he didn't had a problem to give a discount to her. Now I just have to find a quiet place to turn back and enjoy my drink (rp)
One time i left my phone unlocked while my friends were at mine. They installed a body shape app and now they transform me whenever they want and i cant go back to male again. These are the two options for the basic Version of the App. If they Upgrade it, they will get loads of options. (Rp in pms)
Who’s the bigger loser? (M4F)
Some random dude added me on snap, and we got along pretty well at first but after awhile I found out he was actually a school bully getting information too bully me with. I sent him a special link, then woke up the next day to this posted on his snap. (Rp)
It was gonna be the perfect night, we were having a massive school trip and we got a bunch of hotel rooms to spend the night in, I ordered a body suit of my favorite artist Nicki Minaj and was gonna kick back in my room and enjoy myself, but I forgot to grab my room key when I put on the suit!
It was Halloween, and we were going to go to a costume party together. I told you I had a great costume but wouldn’t tell you what it was. I spent all day getting ready. But I think I look just like my sister. I walk out of the house. “How’s my costume look?” I ask trying to disguise my voice. (RP)
While bringing the bill to my table I realized the guy didn't tip me. He said "Its because I only give tips to ladies." So of course I decided if I wasnt getting the tip, he wouldnt be leaving and i'd give him the tip (Rp)
Maybe it was a poorly worded wish to make on my own birthday at the time, but wishing people paid attention to me and ending up inside the body of the stripper on stage was quite the fucking fright. When I looked out into the crowd I couldn't find my body, it's like I vanished inside of her.
I may have a problem… I accidentally turned my friend into a Hucow… and for some reason he thinks he’s my wife! I don’t know how to fix this! There’s no reversal spell that I can find! What do I do? (RP)
You are my best friend. After i have gone to the toilet, you quickly installed a body shape app. Its 3 to choose each day. For the first it is these 3 stunning Ladys. You can also shape my new character. (Rp in chat)
Kyle was excited when his gf suggested swapping partners with her friend and bf. But he didn't expect to literally swap bodies with her friend. Now he was giving the bf a BJ while the two girls screwed next to him.
(M4A) You were an old lady whose only companion was your grandson's best friend, a shy boy who was awful with women~ He visited you every weekend, so when you woke up one day and found yourself suddenly 50 years younger, you decided to do everything in your power to help him overcome his anxiety~
The great shift left a lot of people in odd bodies, I was hardly an exception when I woke up inside the body of my best friend's step-mom. Going from 20 to 40 would scare just about anyone, but after the fear died down I was oddly excited.
I was horrified as I felt my hands move on their own, going to cup my friend's breasts. Unbeknownst to me, my pervy father had possessed my body so he could have some lewd fun with my friends. He thought the spell would make me unaware, but I was seeing and feeling everything!!!
Elliot was a very religious man. He was also incredibly sexist to. He believed women should always cover themselves up and respect men. No one could stand him. Some people said it was divine justice when the great shift hit and he ended up in Nicki Minaj’s body (RP)
"Hey kiddo" your girlfriend says in a soft tone, your dad had passed away last night, your girlfriend was acting differant but you shrugged it off. "Hey, i know this is hard.. but i am here for you" your girlfriend was so comferting, nothing could get worse. "How about we head back home?"
It’s pretty embarrassing to be the only person ever to have undergone second puberty and turned from a man to a woman. My family and friends are being so weird too… (RP choose which I turn into)
My position was being downsized but my boss offered me a job as his personal secretary. He offered to use this wand to give me all the skills I'd need to be perfect at the job. It turned me into a fat woman! And I think I'm kinda attracted to him now
I can’t believe I’m actually doing this… I had a massive crush on my best friend but he is straight… so I took an X-Change pill and asked him out… he still doesn’t know it’s me. (RP)
I had tried to escape but it was too late, the curse had taken root. Once per generation one family member would turn into the perfect mate for whoever was closest to them. I thought I had escaped the curse, but once I felt myself begin to change I knew I hadn't. But I thought I was home alone...
I was a compulsive gambler betting all i had aginst you and losing you gave me a few days to pay up but when i couldnt i was sceard youd kill me. You gave me 2 options die or pay my debt another way i choose to live.....you changed my looks to be your perfect woman (RP open Dm's have a good day:)
My parents were away for the weekend and my sister was supposed to be in charge. She left and went out partying but woke me when she came home. I didn’t want to get out of bed so I used my hopping powers to jump into her and see what was going on, however I missed and ended up in her boyfriends body
(M4A) You were an old lady whose only companion was your grandson’s best friend, a shy boy who was awful with women~ He visited you every weekend, so when you woke up one day and found yourself suddenly 50 years younger, you decided to do everything in your power to help him overcome his anxiety~
You are my best friend. After ive gone to the bathroom you quickly installed a body shape app on my phone. Every 24h you can choose from 3 women my body will shape too. For the first day its these 3 stunning girls: (rp in private chat)
I always treated my parents maid like crap “go get me something to drink Lily” she was sometimes bored “hey Kid wanna play a game with me?” I was confused “a game? Sure I guess” our bodies were swapped “we’re gonna have some fun, if you cum in my body than I keep yours” I came within 3 seconds
After being a pro swimmer for 8 years I was at the top. But at that point the great shift hit. I was devastated, But motivated to go back at the pool. But my trainers didn't saw potential, they only saw something else... ugh. Is there anyone who can actual train me? Just give me a shot.(rp\ama)
(FB/F4ApF) "Alright alright alright, you caught me... I'm not entirely human..." I'd admit with a sigh. "What are the odds we could come to some sort of agreement where you keep my little secret?~" I'd open my mouth, letting a long, dexterous tongue slide out, dripping saliva all over the floor~
A tip. When you go out drinking with friends, always make sure you tip your bartender well. Apparently I wasn’t tipping “enough” that they thought it would be a good laugh to change me into a sex doll. Now anyone who tips more than their tab gets a free go with me. Here’s hoping for bad tips.
When my friend told me his family was going to swap therapy I thought it was funny. What was eve funnier is that he swapped into his mom. We can still hang out but I can tell this is really awkward for him right now. (RP)
(A4A) Parents were away for the weekend and you/your sister was in charge. The one in charge left to go partying, when they came home they woke up their sibling. Not wanting to get out of bed the sibling uses their swapping powers to jump into their sibling, but they are with their partner! DM to RP
Me and my GF hopped these two in our hotel lobby. I don't think they knew each other at all. We brought them back to our hotel room and got to work! Do you think it's time to hop back out of their bodies now?
I was so tired when I got off work yesterday. I went home and fell asleep automatically. I woke up like this. I saw people talking about a shift. Anyone know what happened and experiencing the same thing?
This game of Smash was not going Andrew's way. He had wound up in transformation gambling, and it wasn't going his way. He was on his last life, and losing. "Fuck!" He screamed, as he died and felt the last bits of him change. It was certain *Andi* would be doing some different smashing from now on.
Last night I was abducted by aliens! I was terrified what experiments they'd do on me... but then I woke up the next morning in a MANSION. I could feel that I'd been... experimented on in some way... But who cares! I'm a rich celeb now!
I gasped as I suddenly found myself in a different body, my cheek held tight, and a cock being jerked in front of me. The man laughed and I recognized the voice. My step-brother who always bullied me. "I told you your mom is a slut," he taunted me, "She even agreed to let you see it first hand!"
On your wife's monthly girls' night out, you decide to join via passanger spell,where you can see feel smell and taste everything she does. You never expected it to be so wild. You never knew Lola had clit piercings, or that she tastes so damn sweet. You want to be mad but maybe you'll tag along now
[M4A] "Nah bro, how can it be gay if I'm in a chick's body?" Some guys in our frat had swapped with the girls of a nearby sorority. You'd already had a few drinks and were starting to get some weird ideas. "Come on, don't make it weird.. I'll make it worth your while."
"Who's Cumming for Dinner?" I got a text from my girlfriend's Mom's phone- Tasha swapped with her own mother! Now they're acclimating, but she wants me to come over. Before I could respond, I got another message though- from Tasha's phone! I think they're competing..
me and my step sis were fighting and I called her bio-mom a whore. she was upset and ran away, I felt bad but what was said was said. a little later she comes back with an older woman and snaps her fingers, my wolrd spins, then I'm looking at my old body smirking "u ok MOM" she asks(rp)
“Get the fuck out of here- this was my holiday!” I scream internally- I’d spent a huge amount on a SkinSuit to enjoy a clubbing holiday but you climbed into it too- forcing me to become a passenger in my custom suit.
The Gladstone Initiative is a non-profit organisation aiming to promote global peace via the transferral of powerful, masculine, hyper-aggressive men into compliant, feminine forms. If you're a woman aged between 18 and 35, donate today! Your sacrifice can help make oligarchs a thing of the past!
"well the least you can do is buy me something to drink" i say looking over my shoulder. It had only been a few hours since you casted the first spell from the spellbook you found in the attic causing me to be turned into a chick, and every other spell claiming to turn me back only made it worse (rp
Swapping with my step-daughter was insane! I got to lounge around at home whilst she went to my work for me. I was loving it but stress was getting to her as walking past, I saw her trying to jerk off through the door. later that night I heard the moans of my wife. Time to confront her…(rp wanted)
I was seriously regretting making that deal with my mom... she said all she wanted for her birthday was a daughter for the weekend. So she paid for me to go to the Swap Clinic. So now here I am and I'm starting to believe she wanted something more than a daughter...
M6 gf promised to pull out so I wouldn't get stuck in her body. Problem is she never came as a guy before and had no idea she had already done it. By the time she warned me I had been full of cum for over an hour. She doesn't think it's that bad but she's not the one trapped!
After a rather fortunate collision left us swapped I have been teasing you a lot, I have even been “generously” letting you spend more and more time at your own place with me! (RP/DM)
My cousin knew I was a huge March Madness fan, but tickets were already sold out. So I ended up “joining” her on the cheerleading team! This realistic suit sure came in handy!
"Don't worry Mom, your body and chores are in good hands." I say with a smirk. Somehow, me and my mom ended up swapping bodies. My mom was freaking out, but I decided it's a day off from community college. With mom gone in my body, I wonder if her friends are free.
“Are you coming or what?” I ask, looking back at you stood on the platform. Little did I know that you, my girlfriend was biohacked- a group of thugs were selling access to her body through her phone and you were their newest customer, intent on enjoying our holiday.
I was infuriated at my friend when I found out the X-Change he slipped into my drink was going to leave me like this for the whole week we were on vacation at this resort! He just told me to relax, he'd thought of everything. He even packed me a bikini (RP)
Weird things can definitely happen when your mom is known as the MILF of the neighborhood. My friend has a crush on my mom and I knew about it but I didn't really think anything of it, that is until I came home and saw my mom acting strange and running her hands up and down her body. (RP)
“So… looks like the children are finally sleeping.” We went to exchange island with a bunch of friends, but it turned out you and I were the only two who swapped into grown-ups… and I had been teasing you the whole day.
After the freak accident that had swapped my roomate with our dog, I had way more responsiblities. Like taking her body out on walks and teaching the new Dee to be human. I have a feeling she’s starting to like me. I was just sitting in my room when she came in and started trying to speak. RP NEEDED
no one wanted to be my friend when I came out in college so I took matters into my own hands a possessed my crush’s girlfriend. I have a feeling he knows something is up
Sindy tought it was a good oportunity to ruin her enemy reputation when they got swapped thanks to the swap class. She would broke every relationship with her enemies friends and boyfriend. But her enemy would take it too far because she fucked Sindy's brother to make her look like a incestous slut.
You’d died in a car crash- however, your companies comprehensive insurance plan allowed for your conscious to be installed into a new host body but maybe not the one you had in mind.
You, my best friend, left your phone unlocked while you went to the toilet. I logged into your SwapApp account and requested a swap with several local girls. When you returned a confirmation notification popped up, but, who from?
You and I had booked a holiday together but worked out it was cheaper to buy one ticket and both squeeze inside a second hand SkinSuit off the internet. “I hope this works” I whisper
Amy’s mom had told her never to go outside while revealing any of her skin. She never knew why, so as she grew up she ignored said rule. However, one day, some pervert on the bus grabbed her hand. It turned out she was a reverse hopper! Now he was in her body, as she was trapped in her head! (RP)
Someone gave me xchanging pills a few weeks ago and now I’m addicted to them I alive how that make me feel and today my roommate found out dm me to rp
When my brother found out my friend, who he has a crush on, was a lesbian he cooked up an idea. He possessed my body and began to hit on her while pretending to be me! I can't believe he's convincing her that he is really me! I need to find a way to get control of my body back!!
I never really cared about the holidays. My family was Irish and my sister loved celebrating Saint pattys day, but I never really cared. My sister told me last night I’d have a nice surprise in the morning to make me more receptive, I woke up looking like this. What happened? I quickly texted her
[M4A] "I'm just borrowing your mom's body to lay low for a while." I had watched you force your way into our home and take possess in front of me. "Look, just promise you won't call the cops and I'll show you your new 'mommy' might come with some unexpected perks.~"
“Ummmm how did I become a girl??” Looks at you with a 4 lead cover in your hand. “I know it’s Saint Patties day where’d you get that clover?!” Asks as I can feel myself getting younger and more full of energy. The bar is slowly turning into all girls (RP)
Neural implants were the new trend- improving memory and recording memories however, untested and easily hacked allowing strangers to take control of bodies. Unfortunately, my girlfriend was a victim of this, you’d just assumed control.
I was a 19 years old male college student. My life was pretty good. I was not rich but could get most of the things I wanted besides of one big thing. My sexy asian math teachers body. I always dreamed of having sex with her. But one day I woke up in a different body and a different bed (RP)
(M4A) You had lost your life in an expirment gone wrong, fortunately, your apprentice was able to transfer your soul over to one of his personal projects... The only issue being that the project was a sex doll equipped with the latest in fleshlight tech, and he grew to enjoy using you almost 24/7~
[M4A as F] I was told that, if we abstained from sex for long enough, we could forcefully free my GF's body from your possession. Almost a month has passed now and I'm afraid to say you're starting to wear me down...
Possession pills were cheap and easily accessible- you were an addict desperate to be different people and experience everything you could. Recently , you’d been lurking around an airport- desperate for a holiday. You took a pill as soon as you saw my fiancé.
I always wanted to be a Calvin Klein model. When the great shift hit i was so happy. I was finally a CK model…this isn’t exactly what I had in mind though. What do you all think of my new body?
“God Emilia, why’d you hide this body from me?!” I heard my voice say. I had been stalked by some dude in my school for years, so when I went to college I thought I’d escaped. But somehow he found me and was possessing my body! “Look how horny your body is…” my rebellious being said. Help! (RP)
Just because I had this new body doesn’t mean I’d drop out of the surf competition. Maybe my new “assets” will help distract my competitors too?
Luna was a really shy girl in my class with quite a body. However, me and my friend (who was really into magic and spells) were pretty sure she was not into guys. We left it alone, until one day I got a text from her with this video attached, and a message saying for me to come over. What is this…?
Gorgeous Naturals Drop
I am a mythical Leprechaun. Today, on St. Patrick's Day, I am allowed to use my magic. Drink my magic potion and you will swap bodies. (Interactive, short RP in comments)
My wife was a body renter, meaning she rented her's out every few months to the tune of 60-thousand dollars which made her the bread winner as well. I was happy to not have to work but it grew tiring having to deal with new personalities. So this month I took the plunge and had a spin as her.
In the fight against wealth inequality, the Gladstone Initiative advocates the immediate transferral of all billionaires into young, hyperfertile women. When bred prodigiously, the abundance of children guarantees a broad division of inheritance, reducing the accrual of generational wealth
I got some exciting news! I'm pregnant with u/mollytheswapper body after repeated fuck swapping between our empty bodies. I fucked her meat bag and swapped into her body then rode my body and swap back then pounded her body until I was in and finally my sperm has fertilised her little egg &lt;3
I had signed up for the cheer squad so that i could get a after school activty on my record for when i went to college but when the squad found out a guy was going to join they demanded the p.e teacher make me take a x-change so i cant perve on them and now im stuck as a girl for the entire year(Rp)
Everyone has a guardian angel... well, they do until they cast a possession spell on them. It feels wonderful knowing I had such a cutie watching over me all this time. Such a divine body - the only question is whether I want to try out her wings first or her heavenly pussy
I faked my own death in order to come back to college in the body of my dreams. I quickly found my old bully and tried to seduce him as I was secretly in love with him. RP
I was pretty nervous when my gf couldn't understand what I was saying, turns out a language barrier didn't change much about what we had planned with her new suit.
I had been chosen to be the newest advertiser for Smart Chastity Cages. I would be fitted with one that would gradually feed me hormones to feminise me more and more and the cage would shrink accordingly. I'm being brought to the company now to get my first fitting.. I hope the money is worth it
This isn’t what I had in mind I told the leprechaun I wanted a pair of huge tits on my dick, I guess I should have known better. This feels pretty nice though. I wonder where he sent the top half of my body
Recently I have created a device that will let take someones soul and force it into a new body. Using that I decided to see if I could find someone online to take over Valkyray, Pokimane or any other OTV girl. You must be thinking whats the catch. Well all you have to do is become my girlfriend
“You know, when you said you were renting that girl- I didn’t think you meant like this” I text in reply to the photo you sent me. You’d recently installed SwapApp and were spending your time exploring new bodies whenever you could.
“You sure this’ll work?” I ask with a concerned face that is clear in the photo you took. You and I devised a plan to have an awesome summer, one that included me possessing my older sister. Here I was, what was the next thing on the list again? (RP)
My brother was getting married and I planned a whole bachelor party weekend. On Friday morning, I get a text from the sister of his bride-to-be (black dress) that just said “party swap”. 9 hours later and our ‘bachelor’ party is ready to go, I guess. (RP)
You need a goonette when youre busy~
(A4A) (RP) One of us has swapped or suited up into this fantastic woman, with the male partner knowing that if the woman gets creampied she gets stuck that way forever. In this RP I can play either partner, the one in the suit, or the one fucking you and sealing you in that body forever. DM for Rp!
Batman had stolen my body. He felt he was restricted as Batman and said he could fight crime better being Cat-woman. I was getting used to his body, ignoring his hard ons. However, one day I received these pics from Bruce… I cant believe this is going to be my first time jerking it… (rp wanted)
Our son and daughter were going out to meet some friends. My wife confided in me that she wanted to join. I rolled my eyes, until she brought out a device. Shortly after, I immediately found myself in my daughter's body! Now my son, or rather my wife, seems to have other things on "his" mind...
A week ago I was a normal boy. I'm currently filling in for the goddess of fortune as she's gone on vacation, I know, crazy. Well, she makes me ask... What is your wish? (interactive post)
"Thanks for the dress Daddy, hehe. It goes perfectly with the breast implants you paid me for..." I told you, smiling as best I could. It's been a year since great shift left me in a trophy wife and you in my sugar daddy. to keep this money we must take our new roles seriously..
Fem-flu hit the two of us like an on coming truck, why you had taken to it well I was a little less comfortable with my overly developed body. You were actually envious of my new breasts and stature, which I just could not get...
This cop had arrested me for dealing body swap pills. She took me to the station and had confiscated the drugs off me. She offered me water and suddenly we swapped! She had used the drug! Apparently she wanted to use a cock, at least once. Here she is covering my mouth while she fucks me…(rp wanted)
The company we worked for had a yearly raffle- unfortunately you’d won the top ‘prize’. The company were offering a years possession of the new intern… effective immediately.
“Stop this, leave me alone!” I scream internally- I’d bought a custom SkinSuit to wear on holiday but the airport security figured out my plan using an X-Ray, you decided to follow me to the toilet and climb inside- assuming control from me.
[M4A] You were my best friend. You got your ability to possess and disappeared for a while. When you came back, you had possessed the girl I had the biggest crush on and was crazy about. I couldn't believe it! (RP wanted)
You told me to wear it for just an hour or two so you could take some sexy pictures for your photography class... you didn’t tell me this suit would make me feel so cute! And horny...!
“Are you coming or what?” I ask, looking back at you stood on the platform. Little did I know that you, a notorious hopper had slipped inside my girlfriends body before we got on our train.
"Good girl." Dad always relied on his brutish male strength and stature to compensate for his spineless temperament. The moment I placed his soul in my girlfriend's body, her natural submissiveness overwhelmed him, chained his mind, turned him into an obedient woman. He makes a perfect little pet
This girl was playing a dangerous game, inviting random hook-ups to possess her and telling nobody about it ahead of time. She got off on it. 'Ooo now tell me you're going to keep my body. Play the part of me. Leave me trapped in my head for the rest of my life,' her thoughts purr in my stolen head
I’m undercover and my mission is to get some criminals to confess by any means necessary… I don’t know why the agency had to turn me into a girl but the worst part is my target knows about me… but I only figured that out too late. (RP)
I was completely terrified when my second puberty hits, even more afraid so of my wife stopping loving me. but to my great surprise she has been an amazing tutor in this crazy world (RP Wanted
I bought this gender changing bathing suit. When it’s set to blue, it becomes just trunks and I’m in my normal male body. When its set to pink, it’s a bikini and everyone remembers me as a girl. I just got it stuck and I feel a tightening in my bottoms. I need to fix this before you get back!! (RP)
For a few weeks, I had this massive headache that wouldn’t go away. My doctor told me there was this new drug that could help me but had some temporary side effects. I took it last night and immediately fainted.I woke up the next morning and called my doctor,”what the hell! Why am I a woman?”
By now everyone in town had heard my story. I was part of last semesters Swap Class experiment. College students were paired with those of similar age who had dropped out of high school. Everything aside from memories were swapped. My notoriety came from my partner dying, leaving me trapped as her.
I was walking down the beach with my wife when I saw this gorgeous girl who for all intents and purposes was completely naked. I guess technically she’s wearing a bikini, but I wouldn’t call it that. I can’t help but stare when my soul flies out of my body into hers (RP)
Good afternoon, gentlemen. Allow me to introduce you to our new line of clones, Humanity 2.0! I may look cute but this body can bench 300lbs, run a three minute mile and has a metabolism that could drink any of you under the table. Projected lifespan - 180 years. Feel free to inspect the merchandise
Batman had stolen my body. He felt he was restricted as Batman and said he could fight crime better being Cat-woman. I was getting used to his body, ignoring his hard ons. However, one day I received these pics from Bruce… I cant believe this is going to be my first time jerking it… (rp wanted)
My best friends sister didn't want to go on her family vacation so she swapped me with her. she sexy but do you guys think that this bikini is skimpy? (RP)
You leave the gym, turn your nose up at the obese girl sitting on a bench with a McDonalds smoking a cigarette and laugh. The next morning, you wake up with a weird feeling you’ve not had before...
When my lesbian sister asked me to go to an all enclusive resort with her, of course I said yes. I didn't know it was a lesbian "Girl's Only" only resort till we were on the flight and my sister slipped me an x-change. This week might get interesting. AMA
Here’s my ‘girlfriend’ returning from her driving test. Her middle-aged, male driving teacher insisted on possessing, dressing and taking her body to guarantee she passed the test- however he could. “How did it go?” I ask as you climbed out the car.
(M4AtF) You had a hunch that your girlfriend was cheating on you in the Metaverse, so you stole her headset, put it on, and looked through her dms~ She seemed to be visiting this one player quite often... A meet up later and you could see why, rope after rope of hot, sticky cum flooding your mouth~
Late last night, I wished upon a shooting star. I wished for someone I could truly love. Turns out, you wished for something too last night… to be more attractive. I’ll tell you, it was a big surprise when a girl with a necklace reading ‘Camryn’ showed up at my door calling herself my best friend…
For our anniversary my fiancé wanted to go to Paris. Tickets were however expensive so the best next option was possessing a couple already there. Something went wrong however and I found myself in some woman instead of a man. Worst of all I now had to look all over the city for my fiancé!
For our anniversary my fiancé wanted to go to Paris. Tickets were however expensive so the best next option was possessing a couple already there. Something went wrong however and I found myself in some woman instead of a man as planned. Worst of all I now had to look all over the city for my fiancé
I take an xchange pill and put on a cute dress. I’ve researched these for years, but finally built up the courage to order custom pills 8 months ago. They finally arrived yesterday and this is my first time taking one. (RP)
This female rapper challenged me to a rap battle, claiming she was a better rapper. According to the crowd she was better so she won and as her prize she wanted to swap bodies! She felt she would be more successful as a dude. I’m now her stay-at-home wife whilst she goes to the studio…(rp wanted)
“So… looks like the children are finally sleeping.” We went to exchange with a bunch of friends, but it turned out you and I were the only two who swapped into grown-ups… and I had been teasing you the whole day.
Mel was a hardcore gangster, he had multiple felonies, and was a terrifying guy. He was definitely a tough guy. That was until he killed a witches son, so she cursed him to become his complete opposite. Now he’s trapped in Maisie Williams body (RP)
You looked down at me as I smiled wide. The Great Swap had swapped us into the most popular couple at our high school. You ended up in the quarterback, and I ended in his cheer captain girlfriend. Today was the first time we were meeting up. “So, you going to share that huge cock or what?” I giggle.
I'm telling you, man it's really me in here! I have no idea why but I somehow got sucked into this girls body, and besides would any girl do this in public? Now do you belive me?
My girlfriend has been acting really odd lately, she keeps going on about some serial swapper who takes over peoples lives and makes them perverted. But I don’t know why she’s worrying, it’s not like she’s being controlled… right? (RP)
M4F. but mom, I was a boy yesterday, why do I have tits now. "because you're my good little girl" hypnosis body change rp
"Thank you for lending me some clothes." I tell my girlfriend. Second Puberty hit me, and she's helping me figure out my new life. (RP)
Me and my dad went out for dinner together everything was going fine. Me and my dad were having a nice conversation until a lighting strike shut out the power, Now my dad and the lady sitting at a table near us swapped. My dad thinks he has always been like this. (RP)
I was an aide during a Senatorial campaign and candidates with wives poll better so I took the role just for the campaign. But he might win and I'm starting to see some perks of the job...
“Don’t ask questions, we’re boarding” I whisper, grabbing your arm. You, my best friend had entrusted me to put your soul into a body to join me on holiday so you didn’t have to buy a ticket- instead I forced you to possess this body.
"Oh, sweetie, did you really think your own wife wouldn't recognise her husband spying on her? How are you enjoying wearing my intern's tits, hmm? You always thought I was fooling around with the men in the office, but they'll all have their fun with you before I let you be my husband again."
Dream Developments - Part Four
I'm a body hopper and I love finding a cute girl to possess. They almost always have a number in their phone listed something along the lines of: guy with crush on me. I make sure to call them up and give them a little taste before moving on.
Your sister couldn't go on her date but didn't want to cancel so she had you swap bodies. She's really nervous about this guy and doesn't want to mess it up. She wants you to be unforgettable, so you decide to be the kind of girl that make sure he definitely calls her again.
(M4F)
I had an argument with one of my female classmates, on how girls have it way easier than guys in college. She wanted me to experience it for myself, but now I am stuck with her sister on spring break (rp)
I lost a bet with my own secretary, which was mostly my fault as I was only focused on her body. She wanted me to know how it feels like being stared at. I can only get back after she puts me through a couple things (dm or chat to rp)
"Ok this time, loser is on bottom." Ryan had to admit that having his best friends mind inside his gf's body over the last couple of months since the FOSE has been the absolute best. Ryan no longer cared if Zack beat him in their favorite video game. It was a win-win either way.
Does any one one to rp the link
I was the best mechanic your airship ever had. So when I died in a battle against sky pirates, you acting quickly to preserve my soul until you could buy a golem I could possess. You were going to go for a male golem that fit how I use to look, but then you saw this one and you just couldn't resist.
Rich white girl privilege at its finest. “so what if we parked in the middle we were fuelling just fuck off you loser, Keisha get in the car!” as they drove away the stranger decided to place curses on the obnoxious duo, causing both girls to swap bodies forever with whoever they were mean to next..
I open the message, seeing a text from Leah. “Keeping up your workouts!” She says, along with a picture of my former body. I’m starting to lose hope of swapping back…
One day I was curious, to see if X-Change pills really worked. So I did what any person with money to burn would do, I bought one. After taking it I didn't feel any different so I went to sleep. After I woke up though, I could instantly tell a lot changed.
My grandparents got my aunt a few years before I was born. Because of this, we always seemed more like cousins. Yesterday, she asked if I wanted to try some body swap pills with her. I did. She also let me, invite one friend over while I was in her body. "Told you it was real," I texted you. (RP)
Using a spell to bounce between bodies is fun, but I learned it's even more fun when your host is AWAKE. It lets break them down bit by bit, and break their minds with pleasure, pain and embarrassment... until they beg me to never leave their bodies again...
My professor always had it out for me. I found out he was gonna fail me. So, I confronted him. He said I wouldn't have to worry about school if I did something for him. Little did I know that involved drinking an x-change shake. Now I don't have to worry about school cause I'm his sex slave (AMA/RP)
You and I where looking around a garage sale, and found an old oil lamp. we were convinced there was a genie inside. When we got home to pir place, I rubbed the lamp and blue smoke came out. The smoke engulfed me, turning not only my skin blue, but also changing my clothes, and making me a woman. RP
I had gone to hypnotherapy to help me become more confident with women, unknown to me my therapist gave me a drug to change me to a woman, and now I was under his spell, I can’t stop doing what he tells me to do .
(M4A) "So... How do I look?" You'd ask the man who summoned you. You were a powerful, shapeshifting, male demon who's latest master seemed particularly interested in the shapeshifting part~ He's been coming up with new forms for you to take, and you had to admit, this latest one was rather cute~"
Looking for Friends
That's me angela today for some reason my aunt invites me for lunch at her house and told me to come alone I accepted her invite and now I'm on the way to her house (dm me to rp asap)
My sister wanted me to go on a double date with her and her new boyfriend because she was nervous how it’d go, I didn’t really understand her plan til she threw this dress at me and my body started to change.
My sister wanted me to go on a double date with her and new boyfriend, I didn’t really understand her plan til she threw this dress at me. After touching it my body started to change. Rp
Ever since there was a mishap on campus that caused a small number of people to swap bodies, I've been stuck as my best friend's younger sister. Her and I decided to keep it a secret, and had even started hanging out and working out together. She seems to enjoy my body... maybe too much...
"What do you think? Good for a first date?" This whole thing was a mess for you. When the Role Exchanger hit, it swapped your dad into your girlfriend's body and you into your dad's body, and her into yours. He was now going on a date with your girlfriend whose in your body.
"What the fuck is she doing...," I mutter. I agreed to swap with my girlfriend's sister. It was a secret, which was fine. One weekend, she said. It's Saturday now and I'm now having to watch as she proposes to her sister in my body...
LEAVE A PIC, GET A PIC! The Great Shift affects all of us. Let's be there for each other. Together we can get through this. Its hard to adjust to a new life, but community helps. I am trying to learn to be a 21 year old girl! (Leave a pic for someone else and then get shifted by someone else.)
I knew about my son's little secret. He was addicted to XChange. He thought no one else knew. He'd rent a hotel room, pop a pill, and party the weekend away. Except this time when he comes back to his room to find me waiting for him.
John was a tough construction worker that loved working hard. It wasn’t until the Great Shift, that his world flipped upside down. Now he was trapped in a tiny woman’s body with no muscles. He was the laughing stock of his town. His legal name was Daisy for gods sake (RP)
I started taking xchange pills few month ago at first only for a gender swap party but today I'm addicted to the feeling of my body changing to the girl pleasure my mind go blank every time I take one and I can't stop taking them that made me feel so good but... the problem my brother just find out
A shapeshifting friend seems like a good idea but now, you were insisting that this was the ‘new you’- combining the best parts of all the shapeshifts you’d done for me before.
When my boyfriend and my dog got swapped by the great shift, I was worried... but here I was, talking to my dog about how I'm sorry... "But he just makes a better boyfriend. He's caring, clingy and... more fun, sorry, puppy."
So, long story short, i found a spell book and made a simple wish that made my gf have the body of Bryce Dallas Howard. The next day, the spell worked and the book vanished. Now no one knows who the og Bryce is. As if she vanished out of everyone’s mind. Now i’m here with my gf in line for a movie.
Your college had been working on new swap technology, designed to help people change bodies and was intended to be used in “Swap Class”. However, during a preview of the machine, it malfunctions and sends everyone there into random bodies. You, my best friend, and I were hit. Who did we end up as??
I had a lot of regrets after college. After a long shift one night I wished I could go back and try again, maybe something new. When I awoke the next day I found myself in an unfamiliar dorm room, and body! I not only became a college aged girl, but I was transported back in time to when I had been!
When my neighborhood girl flipped me again today, I drove off screaming like I usually do. But something happened and I ended up in her 19 year old body heading to a lunch with my 50 yr old boss
Experimental medication i took a month ago had side effects. Turned me into a girl (green). My GF (white) took me out for the first time last weekend. RP? I have more pics
I work in payroll and was appalled when I found out how much money my CEO made. I wished I could have access to all his money. Obviously I didn’t think anything would happen, but I was very wrong. Now I’m on his private plane. But who am I? His daughter? His wife? A girlfriend or mistress? (RP)
Ok your not going to believe the body i got from swap class! I mean just look at these boobs!
“Well, there’s no way to sugarcoat this. You’re fully a woman. When you took those black market enlargement pills, your body reacted by producing more estrogen to counteract the high levels of testosterone. However, it produced a little too much, causing your body to change.” I was in shock. (RP 4F)
Imy sister had all her loser friends over and they were being obnoxious. When I went to confront them They were in the middle of a spell to swap their souls around. I distracted them and was hit with the spell. It ended up throwing me in her fat friend Lyla as she was fucking my brother (RP)
When I arrived home from my swap clinic appointment I was shocked I spent the next hour just loving how physically fit I was compared to my old body, yet in my own exploration I forgot I not only got the body but the life with it and my new husband was watching with lust (RP/DM/AMA)
I had been hearing my new step mom moaning like crazy for the last few night. I had imagined what itd be like, fucking her. Next morning I woke up in her body! My new husband... I mean dad walk in on me.... heheh Ibam in dinger...
My wife was out of town this week giving me plenty of time to really break this suit in, I mean spending the week in it just sounded like a dream come true. Everything was going great too until I found myself unable to find the zipper, I need to find a way out before my wife gets home.
"Sure, I can cover for you as a trophy wife for a few days, no problem" I said to Cassidy on that occasion. It's been a year now and she left me like this. At least my husband isn't the jerk with me...
"My bad dude, I thought you were asleep. Sorry for skinny dipping, I didn't think anyone would be around. What? Do I have something on my face? Why are you looking at me like that?"
Your sister grew the habit of swapping bodies while you're asleep so she could use yours to pleasure hers. You don't know how long she's been doing it but eventually you wake up to your balls in your mouth. Do you spit them out and say WTF?! Or do you softly suckle and see her reaction?
M4f Bored looking to trade some pics
Why did I ever agree to this? Me and my girlfriend decided to both take an XChange. What she didn't tell me was she picked a SubServe variation for me and an AlphaDom variation for herself. I'm afraid of what she has in mind...
I knew cursing at the librarian who turned me off wasnt smart, but didnt realze she knee wctual curses. Now I'm in her body, and she's getting ready to get it on with her apparently loaded fiance. May as well enjoy it, I guess.
Thats a picture of me im angela I got a call from my aunt she invited me to have lunch with her and she said she wanted to show me something that would change my life I've been thinking of what she meant by that and now I'm on the way to her house (dm me asap for rp)
When you're so straight you have to continue being straight whilst being a female for 24 hours!
“We’ll this is interesting”. I ended up trading places with this hot trans woman. She was in the middle of watching porn. I can’t believe how hard she gets!! I scan her memories. I need to take my estrogen soon. I have no plans this evening. Anyone wanna go out? Try out the new body?
I look over to you, giving you a smile as you pull off your glasses. “You’re enjoying this aren’t you? You’re enjoying being Grace…” I laugh as your little cheeks blush. Was I right about my assumption? (RP)
My friend recently bought an ultra-realistic sexdoll. He invited me over to help him set it up and "break her in" together. But something went wrong when we switched it on and now I'm trapped in this plastic body. Someone send help!
I had always been a geeky sort of guy, so when I first made the tech that would allow me to change my gender and appearance, I wanted something that would make everyone love me. Mission Accomplished.
Maybe I should stop possessing my cousin's body, but look at what a huge ass she has! Sometimes I have to go back and twerk a bit, I know you guys would do the same!
I told my mom that I never wanted kids so she bought this idol that was supposed to change my mind. Turns out it was a fertility idol! Instead of making me a father I became pregnant! Now my mind is swimming with hormones and I can’t figure out if I want to change back or find a daddy for my babies
Our friend group were losers there was no chance we were getting laid with our amount of experience until you guys had an idea to dress me up as a girl and pretend to be a girl so you could practice
UPVOTE CAUSES GREAT SHIFT. I made the mistake of hitting the UPVOTE button on here. Studies have shown that every person that pushed it was swapped during The Great Shift. Luckily, I swapped with my wife. Unluckily, we were in middle of trying to make baby #2. DONT HIT THE UPVOTE or you will change!
UPVOTE CAUSES GREAT SHIFT. I made the mistake of hitting the UPVOTE button on here. Studies have shown that every person that pushed it was swapped during The Great Shift. Luckily, I swapped with my wife. Unluckily, we were in middle of trying to make baby #2. DONT HIT THE UPVOTE or you will change!
The boys trip had gotten a lot more interesting when Steve (now Stephanie) broke out a bottle of x-change pills.
I didn't have much to live for so I decide to try the lifeswapp to save myself. It's been six months that I've lived as Mrs. Annabelle Jones and I couldn't be happier! I keep a loving home with two kids and a gorgeous husband. Nobody knows we've swapped but my husband says I've gotten better in bed!
At first my little brother hated that he got swap with our hot busty mom but within a week he's up on Tiktok posting videos like this showing off his/mom's lewd voluptuous body
My friend has always had a thing for my mom. He’s always wanted to get close to her. It’s been years but finally he worked up the nerve to posses her body. My mom was his finally. I walked back to find you in my mothers body checking yourself out. “Mom.. what are you doing?”
(A4A) As you were browsing through reddit, you'd get a strange DM from a brand new account. "Howdy there, are you down for a fun little game? One round of typeracer, a game where we both type out a passage, and whoever types it out first, wins~ Loser has to become the winner's fleshlight~"
It had taken your father months, years possibly even but he had finally done it. He had merged his body with that of an doll. Though he retained his old personality, most of himself had become doll like. And by doing it on a Father/Son trip, there had been no one truly to stop him.
How was I supposed to know that something this crazy was going to happen when I left home. All the girls In my house swapped with all the men apparently. My sister is over in the corner with a stern annoyed look like my dad, My mom looks uncomfortable and my girlfriend is looking down her shirt. RP
Last week I was your stereotypical high school nerd, but I got lucky when the role exchanger came. I swapped genders with a student. Got my mom's boobs, my figure from the hottest girl in school, and my ass from the milf teacher. I'm still a nerd, but now I have a lot of simps online and offline.
[M4A]You went through a great marriage, though once you found your loving husband cheating on you, you cut it off. You go into a stage where you try out magic, and oddly enough the next day you wake up as Cardi B. You see a cute young stud at the bar, me, and decide to take your shot as a new woman.
Not your average day for me, seems like some freak accident caused me to randomly swap bodies with this chick at the gym. I have no idea who she was or where she is now, I keep ringing my old phone and nobody's picking-up. Fuck me...
The disease was almost fatal. Destroying everything but your mind. Your wife looked everywhere for a cure. The only one she could find would Reboot your DNA. So you tried it. There were side effects. Your wife is now trying to help you find clothes. Instead of husband... you are now a daughter. RP
(M4A) I couldn't help but gulp nervously as the three women before me slid down my boxers, each of them with the same perverted expression on their faces. All three were androids that were built, and are currently being piloted by my nerdy, overweight, degenerate roommate to fulfill his fantasies~
I had fallen asleep at the beach tanning. You had been walking along the beach. I open my eyes to see you standing over me with a concerned look. I had no idea I was starting second puberty (RP)
“What do you mean I can’t smoke? It helps me focus.” I replied to my girlfriend. We were playing with some so-called spell book and somehow swapped bodies. Now we’re trying to fix this.(Rp always open)
When I got Natalie in swap class, it was a dream come true. I took hundreds of nude and sexy photos and uploaded them to an onlyfans account under a fake name. There’s no way she’ll find out. Plus I’m going to be rich!! (RP)
I went to visit family for spring break, my sister wanted to show me something she found. One night we walked into the woods and she showed me what looked like an abandoned well. She dropped a coin in, wishing she had a big sister. The next morning I woke up like this!
(RP) Witness protection his you well. Unfortunately, now you're paralyzed from the mouth down. Your mouth controls for your wheelchair and asking for help are all you can control now.
I was sick of my life. I had everything a man could want. Marriage, kids, money, work... It was tiring. So I put myself up for a permanent swap offer on Swap App. That's when Chloe offered her body and life. Party girl, no future, money through OnlyFans, it was perfect. I think I'm gonna love it!
Does Any one want to rp this link?
When the Great Shift struck, I was lucky enough to switch bodies with my ex-girlfriend. Once realizing, we decided to help each other out, but the attraction was still there. it wasn't long before she really showed me how to eat pussy.
(M4A) I couldn't help but gulp nervously as the three women before me slid down my boxers, each of them with the same perverted expression on their faces. All three were androids that were built, and are currently being piloted by my nerdy, overweight, degenerate roommate to fulfill his fantasies~
Swap class had a massive accident and it lead to my entire class having to stay in our swapped bodies. I used to be a gym rat, but now I can hardly lift twenty pounds! I've been starting with cardio... but everyone just says I should start squatting... being a chick is weird...
My body suit finally came in. All I have to do is step in and zip it and I become a spitting image of your girlfriend, all the way down to the DNA. My girlfriend and I have both had the hots for her ever since you brought her around, and now we can both take turns having her without even cheating!
The old lady next too me on the flight was acting miserable. She saw me recieve a nude on snap and threatened to report me for sexual activity on the flight. Before she could I decided to fix her attitude with alittle bit of my power, and I must say, it worked out quite well. (Rp)
The last week you spend sunbathing at the resort during a family trip. You and your family didn’t realise swap weekend was about to start. You woke up during your daily sunbathing and suddenly saw yourself hovering above you. Who was in your body?
me and my bestfriend had no one to go to prom with us so we decided I would take a xchange pill so atlest one of us didn't look like a loser tonight (rp wanted)
Well I cant complain, the great shift happened and it switched me with best friend, i know have this amazing womanly body with some perfect boobs, look at them, and look, im all girl, no more dick dangling between my legs, i cant wait to see this body in action
I live in a rougher part of town so there's not too many mounts to choose from. I thought I'd gotten lucky when I saw this woman but after hopping in I soon found out she was a smoker.
After Hannah was shifted into her daughter's body, she still had to earn cash to support her family. She wasn't going to start an onlyfans, not in her daughter's body after all, but she may have just found the next best thing. Just wait until her daughter's boyfriend gets wind of this...
I had an extremely rare skin disease which caused me to live such a sheltered life if I touched anyone or anything our consciences would switch.. gloves were my best friend, skip a few years later here’s my goofy husband wishing me good morning from my body.. he’s so cute I love him so much.
you and i were walking on a beach when we say a hot lady. i dared you to swap with her and now you are stuck as her and the worst part is. you feel like you are becoming her. worried i looked at you "you okay this wasnt ment to happen"
"Im sorry i called your sister a slut just please let me off before i cum" i begged. I always bullied your sister calling her a slut so you decided i deserved to be taught a lesson so you fed me a genderswap pill and put me on a powerful vibrator so that once i cum i get stuck as a girl forever (Rp)
“Keep your hands of my mom you creep” my friend yelled at me through the phone but it was too late, I had locked the doors, and was already ti have fun with his moms body. All he can do is watch from the bedroom window
You are being given the chance to try life as a woman for one year, but you can only specify one piece of your appearance. What do you choose to focus on? Feel free to elaborate in the comments!
All my life I'd only ever been friends with girls and so when it came to going to university they all wanted to move in together. Only problem was that the place they were moving into only accepted girls and they wanted me with them. That's where my 'training' started as they day by day feminise me
When my friend asked me to go on vacation with her I thought we would finally hook up, I didn’t know that was what she had planned until she showed me the bikini and started chanting. I guess she wanted to include me into everything in the easiest way possible, I just wasn’t expecting a piercing!
My mind transfering device worked less fantastic than expected I was 50% inside my new host body when the entire system crashed. Now my mind was fractured, my intelligence stolen from me and only half my thoughts being my own...
I luckily avoided the Role Exchanger, but my friend really took a hit. He swapped genders with his sister and chests with his mom. He also kept his poor eyesight, but the worst part for him is that he now likes guys. (RP)
Sam took a pink pill, transforming into his usual female form, while excitedly opening the box he just got in the mail. He couldn't WAIT to try it out, it should clear his cervix in no time! (u/leaksfrommybedroom)
[M4A]You went through a great marriage, though once you found your loving husband cheating on you, you cut it off. You go into a stage where you try out magic, and oddly enough the next day you wake up as Cardi B. You see a cute young stud at the bar, me, and decide to take your shot as a new woman.
My friend kept saying that he wanted to get with our mutual college classmate, the Ukrainian Viktoria Ivanova. What I did NOT anticipate is that I would wake up as her on the day of his birthday. Won't he be surprised...
In the first link it's me and the other one is my cousin who's jealous of my body today was thanks giving and everyone was invited everything was great everyone left leaving me and her guess what happened after(dm me to rp asap)
I can't believe Gal Gadot and I swapped at birth. The government reassigned us to our original bodies, but I don't know anything about their life or projects, so the government made an agreement that we meet to talk (RP)
A lost spirit had searched for a new body to finally be with her lover. Nicole and Scott were enjoying a day on the beach. When the spirit saw Nicoles body. Quickly the spirt took advantage and fly into her body while she rested in the rocks. She struggled until she gave in.
Something went wrong with the last D&amp;D session. Like usual, my players possessed their characters, with Mike become his elven priestess of Selune. He levelled up, making him immune to arcane magic. Now the spell to return him to his comatose body isn't working. I think he might be stuck in there...
As I got shifted into a young blonde teen, living with her 5 flatmates downtown, I couldn't help myself but to find out how it feels for girls to get fucked. Of course I couldn't ask her roommates right away, but thankfully she had something hiding in her night stand.. [RP welcome!]
My wife was out of town this week giving me plenty of time to really break this suit in, I mean spending the week in it just sounded like a dream come true. Everything was going great too until I found myself unable to find the zipper, now I need to find a way out before my wife gets home
The restaurant I worked at had some awful customers some times but usually I could get over it. But this time the customer was awful. He kept insulting me for having piercings and tattoos in the workplace so I decided to set him straight with a little magic in his food. (Rp)
A lost spirit had searched for a new body to finally be with her lover. Nicole and Scott were enjoying a day on the beach. When the spirit saw Nicoles body. Quickly the spirt took advantage and flew into her body while she rested on the rocks. She struggled until she finally gave in…
Cute shemales have always a place for you Vol. 4
I was a broke college student that couldn't find a job. so I decided to take a xchange pill and apply for hooters now I'm the new serving girl (rp wanted)
You tried to use a genderswap gun on your bully, but it backfired and changed you too! But it turns out the power dynamic is shifted since you can now he's so small you can pick him up and throw him around. He must've noticed your dominance because now he's being submissive &amp; doing anything you ask.
I got blacklisted in every casino on the strip for counting cards; so of course when I discovered the swap app I was back at the tables! I should've done this ages ago, everyone's distracted by the excitable, jumping, girl in a tight dress and no bra; I can clean them out before they even realize!
I woke up as her and went out. Later that night i found myself in this position. AMA?
Dream Developments - Part Two
The last week you spend sunbathing at the resort during a family trip. You and your family didn’t realise swap weekend was about to start. When you woke up during your daily sunbathing to your surprise you saw yourself hovering above you. Who was in your body?
My step sister has always been different. I didn’t know what power she had until one morning. I woke up feeling weird in my crotch and my eyes widen as i saw her without pants on happily looking at her new cock. I felt my crotch and gasped “What did you do?” I asked shocked (rp)
I was the definition of a struggling actor who was willing to take any job, so when I was told I had been picked for a role... I agreed without any questions! They said I needed a little plastic surgery work, I said fine as long as it didn't ruin my potential career. Yeah, I was a guy before...
Modern sciende and an obscene amount of money can make a world of difference. Tae me, for example. Once a fat, balding, middle-aged millionaire, I was finally able to get a new lease on life, starting with the body of an absolute sex goddess! AMA in the comments.
My husband always wanted a threesome. My bff and I agreed to one,but we decided to change it up a bit with magic. My husband wasn't complaining as I thrust into him with his former cock in the body of my bff while she was in my body playing with her former one.
"Wow Is that really you? You weren't kidding about the Role Exchanger swapping your gender,but why are you complaining? You look great!" Ryan gave his buddy Chris a glare as he fiddled with his top and panned the camera down. "Because I also got my mom's chest."
Richard was a CEO who was on the verge of being forced to retire due to age. But he found a loophole and made a quick trip to the clinic. He's been enjoying his new body, especially on the company jet when him and the captain join the mile high club.
It was my first time that I went out since my Second Puberty. Even if the transformation was hard on me, I was having fun. (RP)
Looking for a partner for an ftf bodyswap rp only dm if you are active
Does anyone want to take my body? Absolutely no limits, for as long as you want, for whatever reason you want!
“Andy, answer me, when will princess Lily from Europe be wed?” Damn it I need to answer “um I’m not sure…” I then felt blinded “ugh what the, who are you” I see a maid standing in front of me “ Princess Lily are you alright” Lily? that girl from class “miss I’m not Lily I’m a highschool boy”
Jess and you had a tradition. Every year the two of you would swap bodies. It was so fun in college. To get to be a gorgeous woman for a week was exhilarating. This year, it happened again. But she did not tell you she was pregnant. Or engaged. So you needed to give her a call! RP
Calm down they all remember you like this. I kept telling myself as I walked into my class reunion a few weeks after that (b)witch at the bar somehow changed reality making me a woman.
Word of advice 4 dad’s out there. Don’t be too strict w/ur daughter or you might end up stuck in her body like me! I insisted that she couldn’t date in college since I was paying for it. She didn’t like that. Now I can’t stop letting boys distract me from my studies!
I was getting getting tired of my friend constantly talking about how much he wanted to have a submissive Asian wife, so I decided to teach him a lesson by transforming him with a spell that a witch taught me to cast. Surprisingly, my friend has thoroughly enjoyed the transition...and so have I.
Would anyone be interested in swapping with a young adult woman ???
The head cheerleader at my school turned me down in front of everyone, making a whole show of it saying I was "Too Gloomy." If thats how she wanted to be, lets show her what a gloomy apperance can do to your life when its created in front of everyone in the school who mocked me. (Rp)
“Holy crap Andrese is that you, haha omg this is gonna be good” taking a picture of me with my ass up “my own brother using an Xchange, never knew I’d see the day” trying to snatch the phone “please delete it right now, I’ll do anything if you please just delete the picture and don’t tell anyone”
Swap class had a massive accident and it lead to my entire class having to stay in our swapped bodies. I used to be a gym rat, but now I can hardly lift twenty pounds! I've been starting with cardio... but everyone just says I should start squatting... being a chick is weird...
It took a bit after your second puberty but eventually you started dating...guys. You didn't have much romantic luck before so you couldn't've known that the first date goodnight kiss has changed. Now you find yourself on your knees after every date; you're actually starting to get good at it.
I'm glad the great shift happened to us. It made our relationship better. We were this close to breaking up. Now we are married. (RP)
[kik lunchbox8 or wickr funhubby80901] I agreed to take the swap pills with my wife thinking it was a joke until I woke up in her body and she had left. I call you (my brother) to come over ......
The girl agreed to a weekend possession only, though pregnancy would have made it permanent. It was clear what dad's plan was when he slipped out the house dressed as he was, intent on giving himself to the first man he met. "I won't let you do this. If you're this desperate to be bred, I'll do it."
“You’ll just have to be me until we sort this..don’t give me that look with my own goddam face!” my boyfriend was due to come round any minute but my brother decided to bring this weird statue home which caused us to swap bodies by being in proximity of it.. I just wish I knew how this thing worked!
(RP) I always wondered what it was like for women who decided to become exotic dancers. When I went to the nearby club to watch, I suddenly found that I was in this woman's fit body. I never knew that it could feel so empowering to have all the eyes of men hypnotized by my body...They'll LOVE this!
The girl I swapped with was supposed to go to a pool party today and since I have to maintain her life I have to go. I just wish she had a better selection of bikinis; none of them seem to fully cover my breasts! 2 of my friends have crushes on her, there's no way they'll leave me alone wearing this
I've become addicted. Not just to the Xchange pill (I'm taking it everyday now) but moreover addicted to first dates. I love matching on tinder, trading nudes and letting them take me out. I send you, my latest match, this video saying: excited for clubbing tonight, hope you like my outfit!
Due to risk of permanent swaps, there was a strict no penetration rule in swap class. It didn't take long for you and your best friend to discover you didn't need it to enjoy these new bodies of yours. You should probably start your HW, it's getting late...but maybe one more orgasm then you'll start
In the first one it's me and the other one is my cousin who's jealous of my body today was thanks giving and everyone was invited every thing was great everyone left leaving me and my cousin guess what happens after...(dm me if your active only)
I thought his new dating app with a swap button was silly at first, until I got changed into that girl I matched earlier ! I had my fun already, so I thought about swapping back, but she's not replying ! Did anybody got his/her body stolen like this too ? What did you guys end up like ?
“A bets a bet, ah damn it!!” I inject myself with a tg tf fluid, my hair explodes into a beautiful dark blonde and my body changes into one of a trophy wife “ok how long do I have to stay like this” as he breaks the reverse vile “what the hell, I can’t change back now, why did you break it”
[M4A]You went through a great marriage, though once you found your loving husband cheating on you, you cut it off. You go into a stage where you try out magic, and oddly enough the next day you wake up as Cardi B. You see a cute young stud at the bar, me, and decide to take your shot as a new woman.
My insurance company is the best. Rather than putting me through shitty surgery to keep my dumb body alive, they just helped pay for a swap clinic transfer for me! Of course, it was crazy expensive... and I had to give up a lot of my traits, but I love my new body!
Jenny had no one to go dressing shopping with her. She was a senior going to prom. As her big brother you wished that you could help her out. Wished she had a sister. So as you were in the dressing room getting clothes for work...reality changed. Now your a woman and her sister!! RP
After possessing my daughter, it was vital to make sure no-one could tell anything had changed if this was to last. They say the eyes are the windows to the soul, so I spent hours fondling myself in front of the mirror. Not even a twinkle of her trapped consciousness ever showed in my new eyes
You had always had a crush on Katie. She had been your best friend since highschool. So when you got the opportunity to cast a one shot spell... you aimed to swap bodies with her fiancé. You missed...big time. And now you are in her body...about to walk down the aisle! RP
Pastor James promised he could save your marriage. You and Amy had been fighting for the last few months. You needed help. So you went to your Pastor. And he said to go home and get some sleep... you would feel better in the morning. As you wake up, you find you have swapped Genders! RP
"What? I'm going out working you dumb ass. It's your girlfriends fault I'm in her body right now, and sex is a free way to make money, so yeah I'm gonna go get fucked for cash in her body.... it's not cheating, I'm not your bitch a girlfriend when you think about it."
"I'm still shorter than everyone! Look at my fucking shoes, how did this not work?!" After the great shift I was trying my best to still be 'Me'. But that was a stupid effort, considering I was a foot shorter, and a GIRL
It was my friends wedding and I was the best man. They had some tradition of making the best man swap bodies with a bridesmaid of their choice. Of course my friend chose the hottest one for me! We both headed back to my house. She was hot, and I think she was getting flustered in my body…(rp wanted)
In the Great Shift we found ourselves in the bodies of these twin sisters. We didn't know each other before hand, but we both had a feeling we were in this together.
My bitchy, wannabe goth sister had been getting on my nerves lately. I complained about it to you, my best friend, so you took it upon yourself to possess her. As family we could get a whole lot closer~
Weeks went by and every day you turned up right on time to our appointments.. our relationship quickly went from a quick fuck to you becoming my favourite customer, we learned a lot about the other “..I wish I even had a family to go home to like yours..” I should be more careful what I wish for..
This might be my new favorite comic. I love the idea of me becoming trapped in a terrible body while someone takes advantage of being in mine
My sister asked to borrow my body for a hiking trip knowing my stamina was better than hers. In return I was allowed to spend the next few weeks living her cosy life. Sure, I was my own sister but free drinks at the bar are still free so no complaining. Although some are getting a bit too friendly
Upon arrival Scott refused to swap his body. But his mother did swap and into a young male. She went off to the night party with other guests. Scott then wonders off and finds his mothers body half naked at a house party. He knew someone else was in her. “Mom..?” He said before approaching her.
You went over to your wife's families house for dinner. Good food, fun games. But weirdly her little sister would not leave you alone. As the night continues... you begin to feel funny. After a moment you find yourself sitting across the room...in your wife's sister Jenny's body! What do you do!? RP
"Well, this is awkward at all...," I complain as I climb the stairs to my new room. My girlfriend had enough of me always eyes Asian girls. She said if I was so interested, I should see what it's like. So, yeah. She used a reality altering spell and here I am. No clue where I am or who I am...
No one would understand. Not really. On the day I was set to head off to college, my friend's mom made me an offer. We could swap bodies, never tell anyone, and live our new lives. Somehow she knew what my answer would be. She knew I'd be willing to give up everything to be a married, 42yo mom.
My wife looks at me sympathetically. “I know, but… this is a work thing. I can’t go with you as long as you look like that.” She sighs. “Until we figure out how to swap you and your dad back, I’ll have to go with him to openings at the gallery. But we’ll keep trying when I get back tonight, okay?”
After insulting this woman for dressing like a slut, my point of view was forcibly changed as I woke up in her body the next morning. Before I had a chance to react, this guy pulled me out of bed, naked and in shock. He chained my wrists and ankles, grabbed me by my new hair and forced me to be his.
(M4A) You had finally completed the main storyline for Elden Ring~ Exhausted, you'd immediately head to bed before falling into a deep sleep... When you woke up, however, you'd find yourself feeling far more petite than usual... And with two extra arms~ (Looking to play a transformation RP!)
It was supposed to be your wedding day. You should be getting ready for the wedding. But instead...instead your standing in your sister's bathroom...in her body. A dress hangs on the door. You are supposed to be the Groom...not the maid of honor! "Jess, hurry up in there. Do you need help?" RP
Ah, nuts, I've managed to FAP out of my body. Again. I swear, this is the second time this week! And, once again, my soulless, yet still feeling "husk," instead of helping me try to get back to her, decides to just let herself be stared and groped at. Ugh, I hate this! ...Please AMA, I'm bored. 🥺
My wife was out of town this week giving me plenty of time to really break this suit in, I mean spending the week in it just sounded like a dream come true. Everything was going great too until I found myself unable to find the zipper, now I need to find a way out before my wife gets home
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” I asked as you took pictures for my new Instagram. We flew over to LA to try getting famous and networking. There was this huge party but it was invite only. There was a rumor that they needed hot girls, so you gave me a pill. “Maybe all this isn’t worth it”
The Life Note - Part Seven
Reality Check - Part One
So this new body is quite 'suprising' compared to my last but im not complaing. My only real question for you all is who's first?
My friend made fun of me for liking thirst trap tiktok egirls. I decided to change his attitude abit, sending him a special tiktok. When I woke up the next morning all his posts were deleted except for this one. Seems he'll be seeing it my way. (Rp)
Police have long known that the entity currently puppeteering Ciara’s body is an alien. They’ve been trying to bring the old Ciara back. Unfortunately for them, the old Ciara is dead just like the rotting, pulverized brain that used to house her personality.
A big wave hit most of us in the water. As soon as most of us came out of the water we noticed we weren’t the same. We looked like seaweed people now. But then our bodies had stood up from the water. My own body looked back at me with green eyes. A bit of seaweed was in its mouth…
Teen Party 👯‍♀️🔞
Trying to sneak upstairs but I knocked over a vase “crap crap crap not right now this can’t happen” I see my sister eye at me going downstairs “who are you? Andy is that you?!!” My eyes widen “Damn it fine yes it’s me, I snuck out when mom told me no and some asshole spiked my beer with an Xchange”
It was a day like any other in the university library when I received a strange message in my email "Change your life with a click" I laughed, it was obvious that it was just a scam, but when I wanted to close the message I accidentally clicked and now im the exchange studient!
After so fucking long... I finally managed to get my coding right, and I made a helmet that could remove the soul from a humans body. I immediately went for my hot neighbor Lily, and... well, you can see what I did. She’s still aware and very upset, but I hear her hot husband coming home... (RP)
(M4ApMtF) You'd let out a groan as you slowly rolled out of bed and slipped your feet into your slippers, still not completely awake just yet. As you entered the bathroom, you'd look into the mirror, a cute but unfamiliar girl would look back at you instead of the burly man you were expecting~
Realising the possession spell worked on characters just as well as real people was a revelation, but has slowed our D&amp;D campaign to a crawl. My players are guys, so naturally they rolled up girls, dumped wisdom, buffed charisma and spend the session engaging in acts that make me despair as a DM
After a messy break up, my Ex-girlfriend cursed me... she turned me into a girl. She thought she'd done something terrible to me... but the female version of myself was PERFECT. I was pretty, cute and sexy all at once! "Sorry, babe but you really fucked up... how's your brother doing, by the way?"
Anybody up for a body swap RP?
When I found out my coworker got the job over me due to the fact he wasnt asian like me I wanted revenge, starting with him. Lets get rid of that promotion by making him the most stereotypical, broken english, school girl asian ever. (Rp)
I was just a normal guy. While searching for some porn to wack off to, I had thought how fun it would be to be a girl, and of a different race. Before I knew it, I ended up swapping in an ebony girls body, unsure of what I should do. (Rp, MTF 4 A)
My Mother caught me sneaking out to go to a metal concert one night and was absolutely displeased with the way I lived my life. She said I needed to find someone good for me and settle down. I agreed but figured she could help make the girl of my dreams and get rid of her awful personality (Rp)
“Ah DANM IT!” I screeched, ripping off the stickers from my new much more sensitive body. “What the hell was I thinking signing up for this damn class?” I asked my brand new reflection in the bathroom of my dorm, putting off the hell I know I’m going to get from my roommate when I exit.
“No I’m not going out with you!”.My girlfriend knew magic snd she always loved to prank me.Her latest spell was having me as a girl.The twist was that clothes felt really itchy for me.“Look what I’m wearing! This is the best I’ve felt in hours.There’s no way I can go outside! Whyd you even do this?”
Mia Khalifa was in tons of social media heat, but it hit me so much more than anyone else, she stole my body while she was filming in the middle of a penetration scene and the dude came in me, you believe me right?
When me and my girlfriend went to the mall I obviously thought it was going to be a long day full of shopping. It was going that way at first but suddenly things changed, my girlfriend shook for a second and then she began to act different, she wants me to take her to the arcade. (RP
FtM Poll
Come kneel before him Cuckold Master Porn GIF by naskbl06
I new most of my graduating class would be at this party, so I decided to spice it up a bit with a pink pill.... I didn't think I would be this popular though....
"Cheese!" I yell, posing for an embarrassing photo. This girl was my tormentor for my whole life, but with a possession spell, I was finally going to have my revenge, and maybe even some fun while I'm in here.
In the best times your life was bland; in the worst it was depressing. One night, as you reflect on life, and you might be dreaming, there’s a flash of light followed by this girl appearing. “Hi. I’m your fairy godmother. You get one wish. Consider it carefully and make it whenever you’re ready.”
“Keep your hands of my mom” my friend yelled at me through the phone but it was too late, I had taken her body over and was going to have fun. All he could do was watch me from outside as I’d locked all the doors. Maybe if he’s good he can come in
[F4M] The nerdy girl gets a body upgrade after finishing her exams and getting top grades! The only problem is she cant handle the attention shes getting! Shes usually stuck up in the corner of the library...
When my second puberty hit, I expected a sex-change but never a glow-up! Navigating work as a thirty-two years old attorney that looks perkier than his paralegal has certainly been challenging. I've been doing John on my desk almost everyday. Yes, my paralegal is male. Why did you assume his gender?
My GF had always been queasy about blowjobs. Well, that was until her therapist suggested we swapped. She read on an article that ingesting semen boosts antigens and thus helps prevent a pregnancy, so she's now adores delivering cum down my throat. IMO a creampie would be the highlight of the day!
Dream Developments - Part One
hypnotized and changed into someone or something different , what would I be when I awake? do your worst
My girlfriend's kink is having many people inside her at once - not sexually, but their souls. My family use her body like a holiday rental - at any point there tends to be three or four of them inside her, controlling her as a joined soul, though her arousal tends to override their judgement
This was a mysterious island. Scott had came here with his gf nicole. But she disappeared at night. He went of to look for her until he found her partying with other people from the island. Little did he know that they were all possessed. “Nicole what’s going on?” He asked his now possessed gf.
I had not wanted to miss John's wedding. We had always been best friends... and I went and got sick on his wedding day. I was not laying in a hospital bed wishing I could be there with him. A moment later...I could feel the weight of two breasts...a dress! In the mirror I saw his fiancé!
Being a sea slug sucks. You drift only to wash up at the beach. Since we’re useless without a body, we’re forced to hide in the sand to evade predators. Sometimes, stupid females would lie down next to us, practically surrendering their bodies. This one had her legs open and got too close.
I was apprehensive at first, but those puppy dog eyes were just too much for me. "Fine, we can use that swap spell this weekend. I guess being my girlfriend for a few days isn't the worst thing that could happen!" I say as she uses the spell and I start to feel woozy... (Chat to AMA/RP)
Looking for a partner to do an anime rp
boys! i finally swapped body to her! some one have to taste her all urs
I hiking with my sister till we swapped bodies. We were panicking but decided to walk to the end and try work out what happened. I knew she was struggling with the meat between her legs and then she needed to pee. That’s when I unbuttoned her shirt to surprise her when she turns around…(rp wanted)
When exploring some weird place, I found this guy who claimed to be a wizard, I thought he was some crackhead but when I turned around to say your crazy, he was gone and now I look like this. To go back I need to say his name, but I wasn’t listening to him. But you know this isn’t the worst thing.
I was a rich businessman who had the money to do whatever I wanted. My secretary however, was upset because I was refusing to give her a pay-rise. She called me over to her house, but the bitch swapped our bodies! Now I’m here, getting fucked by her in my body, and she’s so good at it… (Rp wanted)
Kurt had wanted more than anything to be in a superhero movie. One of the draw backs was that he was a total jerk. So when he found himself in the body of Margot Robbie, he raced to the bathroom so he could strip. He loved the wealth and power he had over people now (RP)
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
Today in Swap Class I did the unthinkable, I swapped into our teacher. I know its forbidden but how could I not her body is amazing. I'm probably gonna get suspended for this huh.
Curious, for any of the women here, what kind of bodies/body swap scenarios do you want to see more of on here?
"Well... I guess it could be worse" I say as I tilt my head and inspect myself in the mirror. The great shift threw me into my cute but shy neighbor as she was getting ready. Who knew she owned something as racy as this?
A big wave hit most of us in the water. As soon as most of us came out of the water we noticed we weren’t the same. We looked like seaweed people now. But then our bodies had stood up from the water. My own body looked back at me with green eyes. A bit of seaweed was in its mouth…
You are getting ready to go on a beach vacation when your sister walks into the room with a little pink pill. “Oh my god bro, you have to try this pill. It’s a reality shifting xchange. It will turn you into a girl for a week, and everyone will think you’ve always been that way!! It’s amazing!” (RP)
“You’d better not touch her” my friend screamed at me on the phone, as he saw me from the window, pleasing myself with his moms body which I now occupied
"Woah!" I gasp, looking down at my new body. I was a museum technician who got trapped inside a magical artifact last night. Now, I'm inside the Director's body! I wonder who, or what, is in my old body?
I pissed off the weird goth chick at college... turns out she was a lesbian, and really liked my girlfriend... then she told me she was a witch, I called her crazy. So she swapped our bodies, permanently. There's no way for me to ever swap again... and I'm stuck as the 'goth lesbian' forever...
I kept waking up super tired despite getting a ton of sleep. I decided to put a camera in my room to monitor my sleep. Look what I saw my body do around 3 am! What the hell is this? Does anyone have any advice? I may try to stay up tonight to see what happens… (RP)
I wake up feeling bloated and sluggish. I look to the mirror and sigh. seeing my holstaur's body reflected back at me. "i really wish she would tell me when she swaps us." I say as I stand up looking myself over rolling my eyes as I walk out into the kitchen, looking for my body. (dm to rp)
I took my girlfriend and dad out on the lake, for some reason my dad bought the new swap beer. my girlfriend said she was curious and wanted to try it. She drank her bottle and they swapped bodies. Now I'm taking my dad on the romantic boat date I was going to go on with my girlfriend. (RP)
[M4A] I had finally saved up enough money and ordered an X-change pill. When it had finally arrived, I sat it on the counter and walked into my room. When I got back, I found you like this. RP wanted.
I have always wanted to be a millionaire, a strager woman told me to wish what I wanted, I drunk replied that an easy life and full of money, when I woke up the next morning I was the daughter of a family in Los Angeles and had an arranged marriage with a Hollywood star (RP)
I looked at my best friend with disgust as he turned me into my mother. He always had a hard on for my mother and now he's gonna take the opportunity to fuck me and lock me as her with his cum in my fertile cougar pussy. (RP)
I had been experimenting with potions all summer that let me temporarily morph into the body of anyone I knew. But one day I screwed it up and got stuck. It was summer, so eventually I gave up and started enjoying myself and wearing bikinis. I began to see why girls wore them (rp wanted)
“Come on honey, time to go to the beach!” I had woken up one morning with reality shifting so that I had always been a girl, and now I’m being set up with my previous best friend…..
This is so unfair. All my friends and relatives swapped bodies during the Great Shift, except me. I'm so jealous as I check out their Instagram posts. (Images from an Alternate Universes #7 - Trying out a social media format.)
My bully tried offending me by saying I didnt have a mother, which i'll give him, was true but, not for much longer. I angrily began chanting as smoke clouded the room, as soon as it cleared, standing before me was an exact replica of his mother with a few...size expansions. (Rp)
Not exactly what I thought would happen when I signed up for "The Program". It was an AU designed to find your ideal role in life. Mine was apparently to swap places with my 43yo stepmom... so yeah, life is really weird right now. Go figure. (Roleplay)
Where do I even begin... my friend's family goes away on a secluded vacation every year. This year I decided to crash it! Thought it might be fun... little did I know their secret! As I arrived, I was swapped into his mom! (RP/more in comments)
It’s been just over 6 months now since I was trapped in this body. I’ve come to terms that this is now my new life. Now I want to discover all the benefits of being a girl. I want to know how it feels to have sex. I’m looking a willing partner to help me experience my first time as a girl. (RP)
Tiktok's latest bug was... insane. Anyone who liked another user's video, would instantly be forced to possess that user. Of course, Sophia was insanely popular. I got lucky, and was the first one to like her post so I got control of her body... but I had so many other voices begging me to do stuff!
Last night,my sister caught me trying on her dress and couldn’t stop laughing.She said to do whatever she said or else,I really hope she doesn’t tell my girlfriend.Today,she gave some stuff to wear and I put it on and sent it to her,”there you go…please don’t send it anywhere.Why am I wearing this?”
I had always known that the supposedly haunted cabin in the supposedly enchanted woods was a risky hideout, but desperate times call for desperate measures. Looking down at this new body, i was shocked, but not unpleased. AMA
When I went to exchange island, I was expecting to get a perfect body... but the one I got was shit. So rather than have a trash vacation... I used my back up plan. I cast a possession spell, and took over YOUR temporary body. "If you stay quiet in your head you'll still get a good vacay, alright?"
Me and my jerk bud were jerking each other off like normal and then I felt this tingling feeling and my vision went black. When I woke up, my bud was kissing me, and kissing my giant tits. We're going to have a lot of experimenting to do together. Oh your brother is here. Let's welcome him.
(M4ApFB) You were one of the highest ranked solo players in the most popular VR MMO at the time. You hated joining parties... Atleast until one of your team members introduced you to one of the perks that came with being a beastkin, serving others gave you sexual pleasure~
A weird accident at school caused me to swap bodies with the school slut. She was livid and demanded I go to her yoga class. I reluctantly accepted. It was normal until the instructor staryed getting handsy. Wait does she expect me to act like her and keep her reputation? (RP)
Ankles hurt but the view is worth it😘 Getting more confident doing photo shoots in my new body🥰
When second puberty hit my brother, he struggled to adapt. My trans friend offered to possess him to show him the ropes, and has been puppeteering him around ever since, making him act as girly as she can. "Hmm, he fits me well, don't you think? You don't mind if I wear him a little longer, do you?"
It was horrifying finding out that my body was for sale on Possession.com, an illegal website in which you could pay a fee to control people. However it was even worse when my stalker found it and used it! He intentionally kept me aware to torture me as he fondles my body! Help! (RP)
We had a mischievous sprite problem. She was quick, would trash the house and, even if caught, would use magic to escape, until dad decided to beat her at her own game. Moments after he cast the possession spell, I heard the little creature trapped in mom's knitting box. "So... dad? Did it work?
Part 3. Looks like I flew a little too close to the sun, my wife finally caught me wearing the bodysuit at home and well... she pretty much got everything in the divorce. But I got to keep the suit, which is the only thing that I cared about, time to celebrate my ass off! It feels great to free.
"I'm still shorter than everyone! Look at my fucking shoes, how did this not work?!" After the great shift I was trying my best to still be 'Me'. But that was a stupid effort, considering I was a foot shorter, and a GIRL
studying psychology at uni. I wanted to test the mental effects of bodysuits on the opposite gender. I brought a female bodysuit and spent the day as a women. Unfortunately, I couldn't find the zip at the end of the day. Then, my roommate came back and tied me up,thinking I was an intruder. (rp com)
While on the plane I was watching some netflix and an old man got annoyed saying it was too loud. This got me worked up, so when he went too the restroom I worked my magic, and shortly after the door locked I recieved this text, and that was the old mans phone. (Rp)
“ Omm what the heck just happened? “ i didnt belive my sister that she was a witch and to prove me she swapped my body with my girlfriend and she kinda likes the idea of me being a woman. What the heck should i do
"Oh....hi. I didn't think you'd be here so early." I was your skin shedding best friend, and every few months my body would change randomly. However, I had never become feminine before.
I ended up in my brothers girlfriend! I think they were about to
"No dude, someone else did my hair and make up... this is so embarrassing man..." For swap class I got swapped with a figure skater... all of my old hockey team mates just made fun of me all the time! But the next game wouldn't go so well... my old body died! Now I was stuck as an ice girl...
I took my job as a bodysuit designer seriously, I would wear newly minted ones 100-times to make sure all the angles look right. This one was giving me some problems, it was under the milf-delights line and I just couldn't get it to click no matter how many revisions I've done.
"This is so unfair this is your job you should be doing it. This isnt a guys job" i said to my maid who was now in my body. I was a spoilt rich kid who never treated her right, i always made sexist remark and sexual advances so she told my father who made us swap bodies usuing tech from his lab (Rp)
(RP) It'd been a few days since the great shift, the stripper who got my moms body was treating it in ways my mom never would. Partying, drinking, smoking, sex. One day I tried to sit down and confront her, but you can see how that turned out... Not that i'm complaining, at least not anymore.
Lily Love taking care of the balls
[M4A] "Sorry baby, but I think I'm starting to enjoy life as your mom." You said, smiling sweetly. "I'll make you a deal: stop pestering me about giving control of her body back and I'll show you how your new mommy might come with some special perks.~"
(M4F) under your control
You told me late one night, you made a wish you could get back together with your ex-girlfriend, but the next morning you found yourself in the body of her! You didn’t wish for this! Did you!?!? Did you want to be her!?!?!
Ever since you left, something leaked into the water in your hometown, causing a large amount of second puberties around town. Enough that it was a scientific outlier, but not enough that it made the news. You were shocked at the amount of cute girls at the club when you came back to visit! (RP)
My wife was out of town this week giving me plenty of time to really break this suit in, I mean spending the week in it just sounded like a dream come true. Everything was going great too until I found myself unable to find the zipper, now I need to find a way out before my wife gets home
God I hatet my rich neighbor constantly driving around with his loud car... As i smashed at his door to complain he suddenly pointed a remote at me! "Aah ... what you do!?" I squeak out in a heavy accent staring at my new body (RP)
I had signed up for Swap Class expecting it to just be a theory thing but I was very surprised when I got a envelope with the name of my first swap partner, once I did I read the name I never thought I would see the hottest English teacher in the school Miss Johnson (RP)
my pussy is as bouncy as my ass
“Ok. I only have one chance to do this right” You say nervously to yourself. You had already made a swap clinic appointment with some hot girl under your bully’s name. All you have to do is possess your bully, go to the clinic, and jump out. (RP)
I was housekeeping for my neighbors that are away for a whole month. They said I could sleep wherever I wanted. I slept in their daughter’s bed and woke up as an exact copy of her (RP)
Nicole had no idea she had booked a vacation to an exchange island. As soon as she stepped out of the plane she saw she was in the body of a male. Later that day she went out to the beach wondering around until she finally saw her body in a laced bikini. Whoever was in there was no afraid to expose
She squirmed as I entered her body. As a slime, the worst feeling is to be without a body. I followed this girl home, knowing her body would be perfect. As she clawed at her pussy, my entrance, trying to get me out, I moved through her body. As the last orgasm occurred, I was finally human again
I was enjoying just relaxing in the hot tub on vacation, when I noticed my friend who came along staring at me, looking way too smug. "What? What are you looking at? ........ What the fuck is change oil?" (RP!)
“..just go check on her, she’s been acting strange.” I was being forced by my wife to confront our daughter, we both were unaware that our home had been invaded by a hopper that loves to play families or at least one that caused enough chaos amongst them before he moved on to his next victims..
I will turn or I have turned into one of these women
I didn't know what to do when I woke up in the body of this chick I've never met. luckily, I remembered your number, so I sent you a text and then started trying to figure out who she was.
[M4A] "Sorry baby, but I think I'm starting to enjoy life as your mom." You said, smiling sweetly. "I'll make you a deal: stop pestering me about giving her her body back and I'll show you how your new mommy might come with some special perks.~" [RP]
"Oh good. Now do a spin...Hmmm, perfect. Now twerk for me. Good. They clearly taught you well" said my stepsister. Her and her father had conspired to sent me to the Sissy Camp and turn me into another rich daddy's girl. I was still me but I knew better than to rebel by now. (Lit RP)
I don’t know what is happening..this stranger girl asked me to get in the cable car with her..but when i did, my vision slowly fade to black..when i woke up i’m in her body and now looking at my old body masturbate infront of me (rp wanted)
I knew my girlfriend was a guy using a magic necklace to become a girl, which is no problem. But when it was time to go her sisters wedding, and her family knew her as a guy. It was my turn to use the necklace to meet “his” family as his “girlfriend” so now I look like this during our visit. AMA
Magic has other plans- Part 3 (interactive)
You were so desperate for a girlfriend that you decided to order a special potion. When it arrived you decided to test it on your dog, she transformed into a sexy girl on the spot. One issue was that her tail was still wagging above her butt, which she quickly retracted. Guess it isn't perfect.
Invulnerable, god-like strength, but mortal gullibility and exquisitely weak to magic. While Supergirl was signing autographs for fans, I simply slipped the arcane contract into her hands, granting my soul total possession of her body, powers and memories for... how long do kryptonians live again?
how on earth do I explain this?
I woke up today and felt that something was really of with me. i only realised when I looked into the mirror that I have became Supergirl and It seem like Powergirl wants to do something fun with me (Rp open)
My parents were arguing inside while I was sitting outside. First I thought the argument was about my dad’s machine which caused me to switch with the neighbours daughter. But as I could hear more and more the argument was actually about how my mom had caught my dad sniffing my panties. Gross!
“Enjoying the view?”. I smirk at my friend as I glance down at my blue bikini top. “Thanks again for pitching in on the suit— I told you it would be worth it! I bet every guy on the beach is jealous of you right now.”. I say beaming.
Just went into this chocolate shop filled with a bunch of black chicks acting really weird. Each flavor brings out a different “chocolate babe”. I had a piece of dark milf mint and just a couple minutes later I was transforming into this beauty. You’ve got to try this stuff man I feel great! (RP)
Big tits and average tits in bikinis
After going on a holiday with my best friend he slipped an x-change pill into my drink. It left me in a daze and I haven’t noticed yet. Wait what’s that hanging on my chest?! (RP)
I had signed up for Swap Class expecting it to just be a theory thing but I was very surprised when I got a envelope with the name of my first swap partner, once I did I read the name I never thought I would see the hottest English teacher in the school Miss Johnson (RP)
I took international swap class for this semester and landed in japan. My best friend proposed to come all the way to see me… but I was too embarrassed to tell him that I was female now. He just found out about it so I’m playing it cool… but he’s making me so moist I can barely walk straight!
My family was really close with my friend Ryan’s family. I was friends with him while our sisters were really good friends. But over the summers, his would move away. That’s when his sister Reyna asked if we come swap bodies for the season. I agreed, but Ryan doesn’t treat me like his sister
My girlfriend Jessica had been acting really odd for the past couple of days and whenever I asked her what was wrong, she’d snap at me. But little did I know, she was possessed by a demon, I only figured it out when I found her at the local mine, looking… different… and acting even weirder. (RP)
As me and my mom were walking home a older woman in a leopard print outfit attacked my mom before passing out. I'd later find out she'd stolen my moms body, and the woman I left with was no longer my mom. I was upset when I walked into my house to find this, her first 3-way in her new busty body.
As me and my mom were walking home a older woman in a leopard print outfit attacked my mom before passing out. I'd later find out she'd stolen my moms body, and the woman I left with was no longer my mom. I was upset when I walked into my house to find this, her first 3-way in her new busty body.
“Look at him, he’s a pathetic little sissy now.” The hazing ritual for our frat was the toughest. Very few guys make it, and they make it more challenging every year. They use small doses of X-Change to slowly break our minds. And I’m really trying hard not to give in and be another sorority slut
My sister went on vacation to Hawaii last week, so I thought it would be great to see those beautiful beaches with my own eyes, but I picked the wrong time to possess her body...
It was my wedding night and I was waiting for my husband to come out of the bathroom. That was until I felt everything shift and go black. Thats when I noticed I was in the bathroom, I was now my husband! I rush out to see him on the bed in my body sat sexily. I felt a hardening below…(rp wanted)
"No dude, someone else did my hair and make up... this is so embarrassing man..." For swap class I got swapped with a figure skater... all of my old hockey team mates just made fun of me all the time! But the next game wouldn't go so well... my old body died! Now I was stuck as an ice girl...
I was staying at your place during hard times and you were sick of me, so you got an X-Change wearable necklace that was padlocked shut. While I slept you put it on me and watched me become a woman... I woke up so confused to find you holding me in your arms, "What... the fuck happened?"
“..Try it you might like it?” The great shift really helped me out, my bitchy girlfriend and I were in a spot of uncertainty in our relationship and since you swapped with her you’ve been nothing but thankful, her new mannerisms be all cute, I just wish you’d tell me who you were before this..
My friend and I decided that we were going to swap bodies with our daughters for a while. They were confused at first but once we explained they agreed. His daughter went crazy in my body and left, my daughter stayed with us. She wanted to see why men loved hand and blowjobs so much…(rp wanted)
“Hey, thanks for coming to help, it means a lot to me. I just need a little assistance on how to live with this body. Maybe some new clothes as well, but mostly Ts and pants.” (RP Female preferred)
Bodymod was a crazy new company that you walk in and change everything you wanted about your body, I was pretty much addicted to the place, this being the third time I've been all week. It was quickly getting too expensive to keep going, I needed a good way to outway the cost...
Hello
“… So then there was this strange gas leak, and Ashley and I were stuck on the lower level, and then when I woke up, I was her!” I say nervously, leaning on the car. I’ve been trying to explain the accident to my girlfriend, but she seems skeptical.
Nope, still not a dream. Ever since the great shift happened I wished that these last few weeks were all one nightmare but no. I’ve woken up again and I’m still a chick. (RP)
My Mum had enough of me partying and going to concerts all the time, so she swapped our bodies to teach me a lesson and maybe bump up my approval with my teachers a little, it’s been a week now and she still hasn’t swapped us back so I decided to give her a total goth makeover hope my friends likeit
Ever since this pervert possessed me, All I want to do is look at my nude body and masturbate. I haven’t had control over my body in weeks! What do I do? (RP)
I gasp as you zap me with a strange remote. You changed me into an exact copy of Zoe, one of the girls from your school that you had a crush on. I cover my tits with my arm and feel my flat crotch. “Come on dude. This isn’t funny! I want my cock back!” (RP)
My wife was out of town this week giving me plenty of time to really break this suit in, I mean spending the week in it just sounded like a dream come true. Everything was going great too until I found myself unable to find the zipper, now I need to find a way out before my wife gets home (dm for rp
"I don't think I can look at Alice the same way again." Wendy said to herself. Wendy thought her son's gf was a sweet and innocent girl, but when an accident swapped the mother and son, she was learning first hand just how naughty Alice could be. But Wendy was more than glad to keep up appearances.
My wife was out of town this week giving me plenty of time to really break this suit in, I mean spending the week in it just sounded like a dream come true. Everything was going great too until I found myself unable to find the zipper, now I need to find a way out before my wife gets home (dm for rp
When I got Janet for swap class, I couldn’t believe my luck! I immediately texted you, my best friend, as soon as I got home. “Bro, Get over here and check me out in person! Imagine the fun we are gonna have!” (Rp wanted)
After our daughter moved out for college, my wife and I decided to swap bodies. We loved it! But one night, our daughter suddenly came home crying. “Mom, I can’t handle this! Please get through finals for me!”, and we swapped! I’m back in her dorm, exploring the sensations of young adult womanhood.
I had just started at the gym, till this girl saw me working out and started laughing. I felt embarrassed and I went home and researched how to swap bodies. She was now in my overweight body. I go to the gym everyday and make sure to send her a pic as I know she jerks off to her old body…(rp wanted)
My parents were arguing inside while I was sitting outside by the pool. First I thought the argument was about my dad’s machine which caused me to switch with the neighbours daughter. But as I could hear more and more the argument was actually about how my mom had caught my dad sniffing my panties.
(RP) It'd been a few days since the great shift, the stripper who got my moms body was treating it in ways my mom never would. Partying, drinking, smoking, sex. One day I tried to sit down and confront her, but you can see how that turned out... Not that i'm complaining, at least not anymore.
I usually went from town to town, going to bars and scamming people in it for a few days with some fun. If they won, I do what they want, if I win, they become what I want. This guy drunkinly cracking jokes about my race. So, when he lost, I made him into a cute broken english school girl. (Rp)
My daughter needed to lose weight but *hated* exercise. Even after begging me to possess her, her mental voice was a nuisance, watching as I piloted her, though it would retreat, grow fainter, whenever I exercised. Six years and two gold medals later, she's barely a whisper in the back of my head
While on our trip to Japan my friend was non stop embarassing us, acting like a weeb and emphasizing any japanese he said, despite pronouncing it awfully. I got fed up and decided to let him experience japan from a better perspective, one with less english infact. (Rp)
"I woke up this morning in this gorgeous body, I think the soul transfer worked, I look better as a sexy girl, I think I'm going to start being a very slutty girl"
Your mom and girlfriend got swapped by some freak accident. Your girlfriend is hard at work trying to find a cure. Meanwhile your mom and dad have been rekindling their relationship. It's weird having your mom come onto you, it's awful watching your dad rail your girlfriend.
My girlfriend felt unsafe going to the gym so I offered to swap with her. I was overweight but once we swapped going to the gym felt natural. She wanted to see that I was actually going for her and not fooling around, so I sent this. A few minutes later I get a video of her jerking off...(rp wanted)
“Oh my god, Liv, that is so bad!” My friend Nikki bursts into laughter, but Amy is more helpful. “Babe, I’m sorry that weird guy stole your body, but it’s the first day of the festival! Let’s just try to keep going a maybe we’ll see your body?”
Me, my friend and my sister decided to play scrabble but just to up the anty we decided, we’d gamble me and my buddy put up cash but my sister being a little broke, decided to bet ‘her body’ eww little did we know my buddy was able to switch peoples bodies and he ended up winning
After a big thanksgiving dinner and nap, I woke up to find myself in my son’s girlfriend’s body. Apparently my old body already left with my wife. What do I do now?’
YOU were stroking one out to Angela White. YOU were about to blow YOUR load when the world spun and YOU found yourself on YOUR hands and knees getting stuffed with fat cock! Holy shit! YOU’RE Angela White! YOU couldn’t move, you were too stunned to do or say anything! YOUR were stuck!
"Alright fine, since you're gonna be an ass about it... we can share." I'd just bought this body from the swap clinic, when you showed up and possessed me! But for some reason... this body loved it. "Just get back in and we can sort it out"!
Sure I had a rough upbringing, made a few wrong decisions but being a young single mum living on benefits raising my son alone was lonely, my feminine nature longed for a man.. I just wasn’t expecting the FOSE to happen when I was thinking about the hot dilf next door, this is so embarrassing..
Me and my buddies weren’t old enough to buy alcohol so every time we wanted to drink someone would have to shapeshift, this time we played truth or dare and I had to buy alcohol as a slut, you’d think I’d be embarrassed but I’m actually kinda enjoying this
My parents were arguing while I was sitting outside by the pool. First I thought the argument was about my dad’s machine which accidentally switched me with the neighbours daughter. But as I could hear more and more the argument was actually about how my mom caught my dad sniffing my panties. Gross!
Cute Asian, Cute Tits
Busty Shemale Raphaella Ferrari Masturbates
Which was the greatest find here, I wonder - the spellbook in the self-help section, or the librarian's tight little body? After seizing her body and forcing her soul out into the nearest human-shaped receptacle, I grant her one last look at her old self before leaving the library forever
(message me to rp) An African American man gets his body stolen by a prostitute after he sleeps with her! She then kicked him on the streets, leaving him cold, confused and practically nude. With nowhere left to turn, things look hopeless unless some kind stranger sees him and helps him.
Anyone got some roleplay ideas they’ve been too afraid to or think they are too crazy to post about before?
One day I was abducted from home for experimentation without any explanation given. I was used for testing of all kinds of drugs that could alter genetics until after a bit over a year I was dropped back off outside of my home in a form unrecognisable, a cowgirl needing help to adapt to life again.
Being a sea slug sucks. You drift only to wash up at the beach. Since we’re useless without a body, we’re forced to hide in the sand to evade predators. Sometimes, stupid females would lie down next to us, practically surrendering their bodies. This one had her legs open and got too close.
Your wife and someone you know where in an accident. Your wife was brain dead and the other person's body was beyond saving, so the doctors made a decision to make a brain transplant. Your wife's body just got home. Who is inside your wife's body?
While at the gym, I overheard some macho asshole from the corner of the room staring at me. He kept saying "A weak little asian shouldnt be on the machine taking it up." Despite me being decently built, so I decided to downgrade him, broken english, and a body made for Yoga, not lifting. (Rp)
gf pics dm
It was Swap Day in our Swap Class, and as soon as school got out I raced to my car and took this video. I texted it from my new phone to my old number, knowing from years of personal experience how Amber's new body would react to her old body.
My dad swapped me with his 20 something private under his command. Well he decided to fuck me and cum lock me help me please.
“What the hell! You said no pants!!”I whine. As soon as our parents left for their second honeymoon, my sisters gave me an xchange pill and threatened to blackmail me if I didn’t take it and do what they said. I reluctantly agreed and then put on this blue dress. I guess we’re going out tonight (RP)
Women have been going missing around the city. Working as a P.I, I've managed to find the link; they all did modelling work at this fetish company. So I took an x-change pill and went undercover. Rp in comments
I've been attracted to my brother for a while now, but knew he wouldn't fall for his sister, so when I suddenly found myself in her body with him fucking me, I saw no reason to stop or tell him
You and i have been best friends, but since i found a genie lamp that gave me one wish, i wish for a perfect girlfriend. The lamp vanish and i went to bed. The next morning, i woke up with you, as a girl, naked beside me. You have memories of us dating and you think we’ve been a couple for years (rp
I can't believe we both became women. Not just women but married women and we're the only ones changed.
My brother and I were on a trip to Hokkaido, and we were having fun until the last day when we visited a shrine where I broke a bust of an empress and i slowly became her.... now we can't leave until japanese authorities investigate how to turn me back.
my hero academia possesion rp. A person with a possession quirk manages to break into UA, have a wide selection of people to choose from that being, hero’s, teachers, students and any villains they find attempts to take over a boy knows as Izuku Midoriya, much to their dismay they can’t (more in dm)
“Oh hey Dad…what’s that in your hand?” My daughter asks confused as I approach her with my possession device. Gosh I really hope this thing works!
YOU were stroking one out to Savannah Bond. YOU were about to blow YOUR load when the world spun and YOU found yourself on YOUR knees, looking hot as hell! Holy shit! YOUR Savannah Bond! YOU quickly messaged your best bud for help, but he doesn’t believe you! YOUR stuck!
“Mmmmm I could get used to this!” I say as I fondle my moms breasts. I waited for everyone else to leave the house before I possessed her on my day off. I even tried on some of her lingerie.
My granddaughter's best friend collided with me and somehow we ended up in each other's bodies. Not wanting to waste my youth I ran to go find someone to experiment and explore with. This girl had me try a toy while she ate me out, my first orgasm as a girl ended up not being just one, but multiple!
Shower in the morning
I decided to visit my stepmother today. She's a bitch; she gets Dad to buy her whatever he wants and stuff. But today, she was throwing a party, and one of the guests swapped me into her body. RP OPEN
My workplace recently got a new manager. He tried to get us to compete against the asian restaurant across the street. We thought it was friendly competition. It turned out to be racism. I decided that he should learn what its like working at an asian restaurant while barely speaking english. (Rp)
‘Yeah dude, her life is pretty sweet. She is so spoiled by her parents’ I told you, my best friend, after spending the day as Sam. ‘All I have to do is be “daddy’s little princess” and I get everything I want’ I giggled ‘Lingerie you say? Sure! Deliver it to the gate and I’ll sent you the pictures!’
The great shift had out me in the body of Victoria Justice. Dealing with the sudden fame was a struggle but the alone time made more than up for it. This time I was apparently not so alone as you, my roommate, couldn’t help but to take a peak when hearing a noise.
Magic has other plans- Part 2 (interactive)
“Yeah dude, her life is pretty sweet. She is so spoiled by her parents” I told you, my best friend, after spending the day as Sam. “All I have to do is be ‘daddy’s little princess’ and I get everything I want” I giggled “Lingerie you say? Sure! Deliver it to the gate and I’ll sent you the pictures!”
“Yeah dude, her life is pretty sweet. She is so spoiled by her parents” I told you, my best friend, after spending the day as Sam. “All I have to do is be ‘daddy’s little princess’ and I get everything I want” I giggled “Lingerie you say? Sure! Deliver it to the gate and I’ll sent you the pictures!”
Ok so I may yave screwed up. My dad was being an asshole so I decided to play a trick on him. I found these pills I thought were laxatives I put in his drink. I get a text from him an hour later with a picture that says "what the hell did you do to me". (DM for RP)
I saw this woman walking in the opposite direction to me at the beach I 'accidentally' bumped into her and took over her body. Making her sit in the sand to masturbate was probably a mistake though, so much sand in places it shouldn't be!
My mother and me we go to the beach,but to make it even better,with her magic I became a woman and now we are mother and daughter looking for fun,we met two men and that night we met to fuck, the best thing was the reaction of my mother seeing a man treat me like a woman and play with my new boobs✨🚺
Looking to possess a female body, anyone willing or have one in mind?
I met this hot blonde girl at college. She was a witch and asked me to help with a spell.It had messed up and swapped our bodies! She is going to fix it but we have to stay as each other for a while. I got bored and sent her this, a few minutes later I receive a pic of my dripping cock..(RP WANTED)
A month ago me and your girlfriend accidentally swapped. By the time I discovered how to reverse it, I didn't want to go back. So now, here you were helping me make the swap permanent... but you didn't know that. I convinced you we swapped back and you wanted to make up for lost time... [RP]
it was supposed to just be a prank, slipping a gender switching oil in your brothers bodywash, you thought he'd turn into some ugly girl but when you burst into the bathroom to see my reaction you were completely stunned to see how gorgeous it made me. "Real mature man, now I have to cancel my date"
Everybody new Katie was a ballerina, the appeal of possessing her was the sex position potential due to her flexibility. I never thought I'd be into lace this much, thou. Yeah sure, I can fuck myself while laying on my back like a pretzel. But if I touch myself all dressed up I just immediately cum!
The Great Shift couldn’t have come at a worse time, right before Spring Break! My friend Brad and I got shifted into our mom’s bodies and we weren’t sure how being middle aged women would affect our plans. Luckily it seems the other party goers don’t mind having milfs around.
My hung brothers girlfriend!
Every weekend my sister would give me a x change and force me to live a life as a girl for the weekend working a job even living in my own apartment but when she got busted for illegal drugs it left me stuck and worst of all I have a boyfriend/girlfriend who thinks I travel on weekdays
Does anybody have a extra bed or room I can stay in my ex turned me into a girl and I have nowhere to go I have no idea what other changes she made to me but she said I would enjoy submitting whatever that means I will get a job and move out asap
We've been saving for years so that my son can swap into a stronger, jock body. I was furious when I found out he spent it all to make himself look like this! [RP]
I was waiting on the platform for my train to arrive. After an accident that transformed me into this, the government compensated me with a flat and a job in the city. (RP)
Your college had been working on new swap technology, designed to help people change bodies and was intended to be used in “Swap Class”. However, during a preview of the machine, it malfunctions and sends everyone there into random bodies. You, my best friend, and I were hit. Who did we end up as??
you signed in to be the text subject for a sketchy business. the money was great and you thought nothing bad could happen. right? wrong! for some reason your souls gets kicked out of your body and flies through the air until it hit one of my (your best friends) family members....
Skinsuit Caption Poll
Me and my friend had made fun of the women’s track team,Saying they were slow.Well so one of them overheard us and decided to teach us a lesson.
Recently I took part in swap class,If was all fine and good until I realised this girl only had really uncomfortable underwear
(RP) This is humiliating! You angered the wrong person and got swapped into this body. Now you can't even get yourself out of the chair you're in without help.
YOU were stroking one out to Kendra Lust. YOU were about to blow YOUR load when the world spun and YOU found yourself on YOUR knees, looking hot as hell! Holy shit! YOUR Kendra Lust! YOU quickly messaged your best bud for help, but he doesn’t believe you! YOUR stuck!
After hopping into the adorable brunette next-door, she went from being the 'naked neighbor' to the 'cute lingerie neighbor.' In my defense I finding it so much arousing adorning my body with sexy outfits than just being naked, at the expense of ruining so many panties from being wet all day long!
there were better ways to find out your dad was going on the run than getting a notice from the swap clinic that your next of kin's body was unavailable and you had to select another one. why not put him in a busty chick's body and transfer him to your custody to teach him a lesson
After mom grounded me I went straight to my room and started to astral project myself. I was just going to go to a friends but ended up possessing my sister and sending her into our moms body. Role play wanted
This bazar really does have everything. Including stuff you can’t find back home like gender swap potions! All it took was once sip and I’m a beautiful woman now. I’m gonna go find my wife and mess with her. I wonder how long it will take her to realize I’m her husband?
does anyone still wanna possess my body? I'll let you do whatever you want to me and my friends ;)
well i lost the bet, and that meant i had to take an x change pill and let him fuck me! he didn’t tell me it was a breeder pill! now that he’s cum in me i’m stuck in this body with a baby on the way! what am i going to do?!?!
I love my friends and need someone to either become them or take over their body for a long term rp. please kik wereartthou
I was cursed by a witch for being a jerk to black girls. she decided that I needed to be brought down a few pegs. my dad is a raging racist and I'm scared to show my face at home now.
Lana Rhoades was my favorite porn actress,one day I met her at a party, so I asked her all the time to make a video together,she finally accepted and 2 hours later she gave me a nice bikini and told me that she was waiting in the shower, Lana Rohades I am so happy to be your new busty co-worker✨
We were all friends and also roommates. We were two dudes and two girls. One day they asked if they could swap bodies with us because they felt unsafe going out. We agreed, maybe being girls could be fun. Here we are making tiktoks and they text us asking if we have condoms at home…(Rp wanted)
I drew a picture where I was fucking Miss Ana, my chemistry teacher, but she called my mom and they both got really mad and turned me into a woman,now I'm the new teacher,Miss Jenny and my mom force me to wearing her tight clothes to highlight my huge boobs so my students only think about fuck me🙂🚺✨
"Dude the role exchanger went wild. I kept some of my features but I think I got Cassies tits. I don't know if I can get used to this" I text you my best friend after experiencing changes(rp)
You signed in to be the test subject for some sketchy company. The money was great and you thought nothing bad could happen, right? Wrong! your souls gets kicked out of your body and flies through the air until it hit one of my family members. the question is, who did you hit?
"My body is not what I would like, both in my gender and age, I will not deny that I look good" that Lucia thinks after the Great Shift and swap with her 50-year-old neighbor. (PR)
After shower
My best friend's mother is a witch so as a birthday present she told me that I could transform into the person I wanted for one year, I chose my favorite porn star,maybe I could choose a sportswoman or a celebrity but I don't regret that,now I am going to receive my friends and family to my party✨🥳💖
I always liked to imagine myself as a woman and have huge breasts that bounce when I walk and wear nice bras, one day I told my girlfriend this and she just kissed me, some time later I felt my shirt explode, I checked my new breasts and my penis Now she was a cute pussy, I love my girlfriend✨💖
After breaking up with my crazy ex, she showed up in my place and said some strange words. Next thing I know, I’m looking at my own body. She swapped our bodies. “Kate, whatever you think you might do, it’s not gonna work. Change us back before I’ll do something we’ll both regret.(Rp always open)
for two years i kept missing my ex girlfriend because she became a lesbian, one day i asked a shooting star to change my reality, it wouldn't matter if i had to become a woman, i want to become a woman so that she and we are together again and be two beautiful busty women,my dream come's true🥰💖✨
You had know your brother wife was baby crazy, wanting to get knocked up! This didnt really effect you at all, until you suddenly Were her without explanation! The door opens and your brother walks in and seeing the way you were dressed he might give in...
After your brother made a huge dept, dissapiered. At around the same time, you found you New girlfriend! She is all around quite submissive to oyur desires, but it seems she really wants to get knocked up! Tempting you like this....
Me and a friend were out on a hike in japan when he was talking about japanese stereotypes and being annoying about it as per usual. Eventually we came across a shrine and he ran up too it all crazily. While looking around I heard a scream and saw this broken english girl with his glasses (Rp)
After the first week of swap class they do a prom and you have to go with your swap partner. It’s been hard adjusting to being female but I picked out this dress. I wonder how she’s coping in my old body (RP)
Join a Rp server, not strictly Body swap btw
We had the same diet and exercise plan, so I couldn't understand why you kept getting more fit while I was getting fat. Maybe it's time you admit the true: you've been possessing me to indulge all your unhealthy habits!
Lily Love taking care of the balls
Having my sister paired with my school bully for swap class was the worst thing that could happened to me. Not only that he used her body for pleasure on countless threesomes with horny and buffed dudes, but the fact that he recorded everything to blackmail me and my sister to earn money.
I swapped bodies with this influencer who wanted a break from the media. I was a nerdy guy and she felt as if I was the perfect person, she also wanted to experience life as a care free male for a while. A few weeks after the swap, she calls and begs for a blowjob. Why isn’t she cumming…(rp wanted)
I accidentally stepped into a sketchy shop with an old lady running it, I tried to leave but the door, it was gone “oh you seem to be a perfect fit to become a woman K-Pop idol” the lady said “huh miss I’m a man are you ok” my vision blanked, my head hurt when I woke up “안녕 난 어디에 있어”
I was really sick, and the swap clinic was my only option to survive. The problem is, when you have no body to sell... you have to sell mental traits. Now I was stuck as a girl, with a dress sense far from what I was used to, and I was so ditzy because I traded my IQ... and I love it!
Looking for a friend!
There was a massive explosion at one of the labs downtown. Almost everyone near the lab became female. Unfortunately that was most of your friends and family members. (Rp)
10-years ago I died alone in my family's cabin and that's exactly where my spirit stayed until this week, a couple taking shelter from a snow storm broke in. I took my shot at being human again and felt myself enter the woman's body. I wanted the boyfriend, but this was better than nothing...
I turn back from the mirror, feeling the pallu of my half-saree sway behind me. When my friend from India asked if I wanted to come for her sister's wedding, I didn't think I would be attending it as her! One of the cute guys from the groom's side as been eyeing me. Wait, did I just call him cute?
"Heading to my dick appointment," I texted my best friend. "Wait, are you getting you dick back? Cause if that's the case, maybe we could hook up one last time," he replied. "No silly, I'm omw to be railed by Chad. Plus, again, I don't want to ruin our friendship." College is the time to experiment
Second puberty hit me hard at first. Going from a soccer player to a small petite girl was one hell of a shift. My friends helped me through it though and I wake up smiling! (rp)
Me and my dad went out for dinner together everything was going fine. Me and my dad were having a nice conversation until a lighting strike shut out the power, Now my dad and the lady sitting at a table near us swapped. My dad thinks he has always been like this. (RP)
I saw this hot girl on the bench at the park. I knew I had to possess her. I was going to find a private place to explore her body, but I was so horny, I just started masturbating on the bench watching other people walk by and stare (RP)
My daughter came out as lesbian and told me she’s been with her gf for over a year. I want to support her, but honestly I think she should find a nice young man. Suddenly I’m on a boat in her body. Her phone gets a text from ‘dad’. “Enjoy being me for 24 hours. You’ll learn to love Sarah!” (RP)
When the great shift hit I was playing Elden Ring on Xbox. Suddenly everything went black. I woke up and looked like a beautiful woman. I was so happy! All of a sudden I noticed something between my legs. WOW! I’m trans! My dick is bigger in this body than my old one. I could not wait to explore.
When the girl I met on tinder refused to send selfies I investigated and found out it was a catfish. Eventually I sent a special link, asking for a selfie once again and this time, I was sent a video, and it most certainly didnt look like the catfish I found (Rp)
Me and my wife were perverts with a very active sex life. Our secret? Every few months we would steal new bodies and enjoy ruining their lives. This time is a mom and son who we caught on their way home. It seems the son had a foot fetish and I'm going to enjoy his moms feet for him.
My roommate was rich... filthy rich. One day while he was away I snuck into his room and found this high-end bodysuit! This thing is so realistic... it must be worth a fortune! I tried to take as many pictures as I could before he got back, but I think I just heard the door unlock... uh oh...
Goblin playthrough Pt2
My friend bought this weird remote online,It can change peoples bodies and do all sorts of things.Well he decided to use it to turn me into his “perfect girlfriend” and now he’s refusing to switch me back
Who I was//who I am.. it all started with a sip of “bottled dreams”. It tasted like water, but the side effects clearly hit me pretty hard. The first two pictures are of who I was before i took a sip of bottled dreams. The other two are well, who I am now that the transformation is complete.
New Figure Sex Doll Coming Soon【dddolls.com】
YOU were stroking one out to Jynx Maze. YOU were about to blow YOUR load when the world spun and YOU found yourself on YOUR knees getting stuffed with fat cock! Holy shit! YOUR Jynx Maze! YOU couldn’t move, you were too stunned to do or say anything! YOUR were stuck taking this huge cock!
As the Goddess Aphrodite, I would often treat lucky mortals to an eroticly good time. But you were no mere mortal - you had trained in magic, and were here to play a trick on me. You used a spell to swap our forms, leaving you as the Goddess of love, and me a mortal lusting for my own body. (RP?)
I I got my girlfriend pregnant, but we didn't want to have a baby only my mother wanted the baby to be born, my mother turned me into a woman just so the baby would have two beautiful mothers, however the baby was never born,so now my life is the one of a busty milf trying to be a teenager again😔👍🏻
Yesterday I drank too much on my birthday,today I don't remember anything,I just woke up,took a shower,put on my bra,put on my blue dress,put on my makeup and went downstairs for breakfast, although it seems that she remembers that I'm a man,why did I wear a bra, and makeup?OMG,NOW IM A BUSTY WOMAN!
My stepdaughter was always a pain in our house. She never really connected with me. I was so fed up with it that I placed a copy of my mind in her. Is it weird with technically 2 of me living in the house? A little. Stranger are these pictures the other me kept texting. ‘Enjoying them?’
After the great shift put my friend into a famous models body I hadn't seen him since we were now on opposite coasts. I got a text from him saying he payed for me to get a flight he has good news. He told me I could stay at his house with him this is going to be great. (RP)
For my 18th birthday, I wished to be able to live the life I've always wanted. When I woke up, I found myself in my sister's body in her boyfriend's apartment. (RP)
After coming back home from college for the weekend, I found my family had been turned into suits. People had masqueraded as them got bored, and just left them. The issue now is I have 5 lives to live. But I just cannot take off my step mom, her body is amazing. A few weeks as her wouldn't hurt...
My brother had been talking about having a Baby, but why am I suddenly in her Body?!
me and my friend are watching the new batman movie and my friend says i wonder how she git the role so i transported us to where she got the role and let him find out(rp) (you choose what role you want)
The International Swap Expo is a great place to learn about all the latest advances in the TG/TF world. Here we see the two men who underwent nanotech surgery developed by the military observing two guys transformed by Spells R’Us’ latest potions. Which “booth babes” are better?
My girlfriend isn't a fan of tight clothes so as a joke I bought her a jumpsuit. Now the jokes on me as when I showed it to her she immediately turned me into a girl with the suit on and did a photo shoot around the house. Wait why is she getting her car keys and what's more options mean? (DM to RP)
A local college has a unique disciplinary program, where body swaps are an alternative to getting expelled. In this example, Professor Martin has switched bodies with Amber, a notorious slut, for the rest of the semester!
“Charlotte… are you awake?” My former voice said. “It worked! This is the best birthday present ever..” My mother said excitedly from my body.
On the family holiday to China, my husband and son jumped straight there via the swap clinic, while I took the 17 hour flight. I don't know what they did during that time, but why do I suddenly feel like a third wheel in my own marriage? They keep finding excuses to slip away together
My sister Katie was curious what it would be like to have a curvy body. That’s when she decided to swap us both. Now I was in her 18 year old flat body. And she was in my curvy 27 year old body. “Katie! What did you do to us?!” I asked while she explored my body.
Suiting Caption Suggestions
I had swap class. The teacher did a spell on the class that will swap body parts with each other in the class. I blush as i felt my chest grow as i got the popular girl’s breasts. I meet you to your car since you always toon me home. I had hoodie over my chest shyly (Male breast growth rp)
We're finally leaving the home! me and my lovely wife here, have just been given the chance of a lifetime, our souls have been placed in the bodies of these fine young carers. I do hope we can keep our marriage strong! 30 years strong!
Despite the vast fortune I had amassed over the years the only thing I really wanted was to be closer to my granddaughter. I reached out to her closest friend and offered her my body and wealth. It worked and now I’m a young woman enjoying life with my bestie!
I was at the beach about to have a fun day when my body started moving on its own. I began to speak. “It worked! Now I can ruin this bitch’s reputation and body for rejecting.” Just what the hell is going on?! (RP)
Suggestions for dog body swap, stories and such?
I hopped into this fit lady for a break as great as that last body was it was exhausting to keep up appearances and the constant back was unbearable. Time for a nice break exploring the new fit me.
I went into an old antique store and put on this weird mask, little did I know it transformed whoever wears it into the last person who wore it! The woman in the shop offered me a job.
This morning I woke up, but found myself in an unknown room, and felt strange. Looking at a mirror, this girl was staring back instead of my own body. What is going on? Who did I become? (RP)
"I'm really enjoying the time you're spending with me. You know that it's been pretty heavy on me with this sudden change of body. Thank you! Got any ideas to do when we get back to the hotel?"
the best part about this great shift is that I can finally wear the women's clothes that I like so much without problems. my neighbor was kinda tomboy, but now with her body no more. the first thing I did when the stores were re-open was buying a lot of new clothes. Do you like my new outfit?
So the great shift put me in this streamer called Valkyrae. Apparently she lives with other streamers part of Offline Tv? Anyways some of her streamer friends have been swapped in the house and I cant wait to meet them(DM to RP)
“There, look I’m posing for your stupid picture. Does it look ok?” My girlfriend hated that I didn’t understand what being a girl was all about. Soooo she changed me into her best friend and now I’m having to pose for pictures on the beachside….
I walk into my room to see my roommate, in my body, with my boyfriend. I open my mouth to scream, but she cuts in quickly. “Um, excuse me. Could you give us a little privacy, *Megan*?” She says coldly.
At our first family reunion since the Shift, and I found my uncle in my former body, still dressing in his old shirts. “Can’t you find something… cuter?” I complain in a gruff voice, but he smirks at me. “Sorry, Emma. I don’t like it any more than you do.”
"Please tell me how to take this skinsuit off" I begged you. You was my bully who loved pulling pranks on me and just making my life hell and in your latest prank you gave me sleeping pills at a party so you could trap me in skinsuit knowing i would do whatever you asked to get out of the it (Rp)
what's the nastiest fantasy you have of body swapping with someone??
Goblin playthrough Pt.1
Magic has other plans- Part 1 (interactive)
YOU were stroking one out to Mia Malkova. YOU were about to blow YOUR load when the world spun and YOU found yourself on YOUR hands and knees, looking hot as hell! Holy shit! YOUR Mia Malkova! YOU quickly messaged your best bud for help, but he doesn’t believe you! YOUR stuck!
Xpill had was a very popular illegal drug it turned your gender when my supplier got arrested I was stuck as my alter ego Julia a 19 year old bi hipster luckily I had ids and government paperwork forged (looking for long term rp and for you to play a few characters and help me make a fun story
[27/24] [MF4M/MF] [Indianapolis IN] Looking for lifestyle friends and fun. Snap is lildjt08
Inga And Līga
After the great shift hit all the people in a mall, now the authorities had us wait for relatives to come and pick us. I was there, waiting for my sister to pick me up, after I got swapped with a female.(Rp always open)
(M4TF) "Uh-uhm dude, y-you've been playing with my tits for a while now... I know I said you could feel me after I transitioned, but don't you think you're getting a little carried away?" You couldn't help but blush as your roommate took advantage of your new, perfect mounds and flawless physique~
This might be my new favorite comic. I love the idea of me becoming trapped in a terrible body while someone takes advantage of being in mine
During the second puberty, I turned into a milf while performing a surgery. It turns out that chick spread it to me. I rushed to the bathroom and started seeing if I would lactate, but I went into the men's bathroom. RP OPEN
Growing up with just my mother and sister as family was a guaranteed recipe to get bullied most my entire life and that meant no exception for the great shift who punished me by swapping my family and leaving me to deal with them and to make things worse the government wants everyone to act normal..
I’ve woken up as a woman. The second puberty has hit me! I used to be a jock and now look at me!?(Play as my friend group)
"wait... Why am I lying down? T-that's me over there?!" for my misfortune the Great shift began this day swapping body of 98% of the population, luckily (I guess) my body is close to me.
Cherry Torn and shemale Kelly Klaymour fucking each other
[oc] M4A anybody up for a bro/sis body swap roleplay? Dirty n detailed pms opennnn
My mom went on vacation and yesterday I decided to go into her closet,but when I opened it I passed out and when I woke up I was in my bed with a letter from my mom saying that she already knew I was going to check her closet and Iwould have to wear those clothes because now I am a female like her😳🚺
A app appeared on my phone called sell your body, sell your body for a time limit and make a lot of money.. I didn’t realise until the last second that I choose the permanent option.. I was switched with a wealthy old man who later I found out was a massive pervert.
I'm a bully in our school and told this geek I'd fuck his mom. Well, he turned me into his mom, and he's fucking me. His cock's pretty nice tho. RP OPEN
since I am a woman now, my brother-in-law calls me just to play with touching my tits, I have seen that he has many boners when he sees me, he always told me that I looked very Fat, but now he always likes to see me in a dress Low cut, I think I'll let her touch me my hot boobs a Little🥰✨
You swapped me into your girlfriend as a prank. Something went wrong though and my face swapped onto her body too. At least I can recognize myself. (rp)
An accident during our trip to the science lab sent our souls all over the place. Who did we end up in?! (RP always open)
"Please work please please please please.... no luck". This slut Sophia was thinking of me during her climax, and that just so happened to be during the FOSE. No one believes that I'm not Sophia and she's off living my life. And now I spend my time trying to return to my body through the FOSE again.
as he held down my new frail and tattooed body I wondered how it had come to this. a few hours ago I was a man who had just found a wish Bank coin and I was ready to make my 3 wishes, I wish I had known that I get random wishes from other people first. (rp)
I was a loser in college so I decided to change that by taking a xchange pill and going to the clubs to see if I could make some friends while I'm a female (rp wanted)
Apparently something craxy happened in my friends science class yesterday, they were working on a project and someone messed up the chemicals and an explosion happened. It changed everyone's gender. He's coming over today god he is hot now. (RP)
I was taking Swap Class this semester, I thought it might be interesting but I got a little more than I bargained for. Turns out they were running a special program, I was getting a body with a full career! She was a dective, now I had to solve cases instead of writing papers...
"holy shit dude, i had no idea Sarahs ass was so nice" i said staring at my reflection in the mirror. My sister had dropped a family heirloom which caused our souls to be locked out of our bodies (DM to RP)
When my daughter Sandra came out as a lesbian I did my best to relate to her but I still felt a gulf between us. So I went to her girlfriend and asked to swap for a while so I could better understand my daughter. She agreed and I’ve been a couple with Sandra ever since.
I was at the beach about to have a fun day when my body started moving on my own. I began to speak. “It worked! Now I can ruin this bitch’s reputation and body for rejecting.” Just what the hell is going on?! (RP)
When my sister asked if I wanted to take matching pictures with me I didn’t see any harm in it until she had me in a bra and panties that turned me into a girl shorter than her. I didn’t mind still taking the pictures but now how do I go about getting her to change me back? (Dm to rp)
"Hides the ears well, right?! What... what do you mean it's funny?" I had my body stolen by a real catgirl, she swapped her body with mine and then left me at a shelter... some time later, you adopted me, I was cheap because of my 'crazy ramblings'... you were starting tor realize they were true.
There was a new 5G antena located above the mall, and it needed a repair. Unfortunately the guy sent to do the job messed up, mixing some cables with the generator. In doing this a massive wave of energy strucked the mall and everyone inside instantly passed out, everyone had swapped bodies (Rp)
"hello everyone, hehe... big changes, right? " were the only words I could say to my group of friends upon seeing them again after to disappear for a long time. it will be interesting to explain to them that I swap body with a married woman...
“Hey, can you umm… go to the store and get me some t-tampons? Please? I think it started.” I sighed as I told my girlfriend that. We were on vacation when the great shift hit us, swapping our bodies.(Rp always open)
Growing up with just my mother and sister as family was a guaranteed recipe to get bullied most my entire life and that meant no exception for the great shift who punished me by swapping my family and leaving me to deal with them and to make things worse the government wants everyone to act normal..
Mmmm this coffee is good. What do you mean you added something extra? Why does my chest feel so...heavy?
"Nathan, what the hell are you doing dressed like this on my mom's body?!" my friend said yelling "first of all, it's MOM, and I'll go out with a neighbor. I think it would do you good to have a father."
"Bet i can be a better version of you" Rosa said daringly to Amy, she said this out of nowhere, but Amy accepted immediately "W-well you're on!". After those words, rosa smirked, tapping amy on the head, suddenly Amy and Rosa spoke at the same time. "your on loser" (RP)
I possessed my sister while she was on a date with my best friend. She had promised not to make a move on him but I caught them anyways. All that is left to do is make this date go terrible.
If you could only swap with a person you deemed unattractive, would you still swap?
A week ago I got something in the mail from my aunt a necklace which glowed whenever I touched it, shortly after putting it around my neck I swapped places with my sister across town. That is me right now getting filled by the school bully, how did I get here?(RP)
my friend wanted someone to model against his car and be with him while he races. so I decided to take a xchange so he could take pictures of me with his car (rp wanted)
There's something called Cow Infection. Basically, people males into women and want milk. So I'm now the mom of everybody. And I'm the supplier for milk today. RP OPEN
I was a hero in my city but one day my arch nemesis and his slutty henchwoman appeared. He blasted me with some beam and I passed out. When I came to I was in his lair but in his henchwomans body. He told me to sit and I did. I'm stuck under the same control she was under. (RP)
Hey guys is anyone able to help me it’s been a while since the great shift changed me into a woman… please don’t laugh at me but *unzipping my jacket* my breasts have been leaking a lot, does anyone know why this is happening, I’ll take any sort of help
My stepdaughter Erin had never liked me much. That is until I was diagnosed with terminal cancer. She agreed to undergo a “bodyshare” where my mind would be transferred to her brain. Of course I had to annul my marriage to her mom but it was worth it. Still annoyed her dad is back in the picture.
I was staying over at my aunts and she claimed that her therapist had told her to look at life from someone else’s perspective and my aunt thought I was perfect for it. Then she swapped our bodies. Now, I dress like this because it makes her hard and she tries to ‘rail’ her old body…(rp wanted)
An accident during our trip to the science lab sent our souls all over the place. Who did we end up in?! (RP always open)
A guy runs up to you panicking. “Miss, don’t use that shower! It’s a permanent gender change shower. I’m sure you don’t want to be a guy.” Little did he know, you’ve already used the shower and used to be a man (RP)
Xpill had was a very popular illegal drug it turned your gender and you could get tattoos as one gender and not have them as the other when my supplier got arrested I was stuck as my alter ego Julia (looking for long term rp and for you to play multiple characters and help me make a life for fem me
Jack and his gf would use long distance body swapping while in college. When it was his turn to visit she would normally find him a male body. This time, he was shocked to be inside her roommates body. Which didn't hinder their alone time one bit.
Trying to please the Bully
“What? That’s the only thing that fit me.” I sighed. “That’s why I asked you to go to the store with me and help me get some clothes.” I said to my friend, who was the only one not affected by the shift.(Rp always open)
After going to a party with my girlfriend, someone forced a xchange pill down my throat. Next thing I know, I woke up in my girlfriend’s bed, and her mother was watching me. “H-Hey there miss Smith. W-What happened?”(Rp always open)
Divorced after 10 years of marriage! YOU found yourself alone for the first time in quite some time. With nothing better to do YOU tried some magic app out on yourself and took on a second life as Angela! YOU spend nights at clubs, meeting big men! YOU love being divorced now!
This morning I woke up, but found myself in an unknown room, and felt strange. Looking at a mirror, this girl was staring back instead of my own body. What is going on? Who did I become? (RP)
the great shift wasn't kind to me. I was swapped into a latina who escaped from prison and now I'm hiding in my dad's house. I hope he didn't get effected either
I was captain of my own ship, sailing the high seas in search of booty. That night when me and my men had brought some wenches aboard to celebrate a plundering I was showing her my latest find a rare totem with jewels in its eyes when sudden I was standing across from my ownself!
“So how is this angle?” I text you again with a selfie after getting some useful tips from you about your own body (RP/DM)
When we got these bodies for swapclass it didn’t take long before we embraced our new selves and went clubbing. We put on some outfits the girls had laying around and went out. All we had to do for guys to buy us drinks was make out with each other.
“Before you ask, no I won’t let you touch them…” I had gone through second puberty, and never in a million years had I thought I’d go from scrawny white college kid to 20-something busty latina… and neither did you obviously. (RP)
Me and my friends got hungry after class and went to this local restaurant I made a comment about how big someones boobs were and she whispered something to her coworker who put a pink liquid on my food. I don't know what it was but the next morning I woke up and let's just say I looked kind of odd.
japanese shemale
“And post.” I said to myself as I put my body up for possession. I wonder who’ll be paying for my vacation to the Bahamas! Let’s just hope they aren’t some creep. (RP)
The spell placed on my wife and I swapped our bodies to take a spin at the other side's point-of-view. With one giant caveat that if either of us cum before sundown we'd be trapped this way forever, of course we grew curious and we promised just to edge until... well she came sooner thought.
Thanks to some bad choices, I was forced into an exchange swap program. I’d be swapped into a random body, and sent to live with a sponsor family for a year. 5 months in and the happiest I’ve ever been. I think I’ll keep this body once the program ends. (Dm for rp)
This was a mistake. Stella was on the wrong plane and took her to exchange island. Before she can react she now had a new body. She was male and her old body was somewhere on the island. She searched until she found her body now in a black bikini by the beach. “Hey that’s my body!” She yelled out.
“Omm is this really you? You seem… happy?” My friend said after seeing me. An accident happened at our school and everyone got swapped there except him because he was sick. Im now Grace. The school’s wierd girl who was pretty much bi… (rp)
“You heard me didn’t you? Don’t you dare use the spell that says PermaGirl, ok just get this over with” I was an ugly guy, I just wanted to look hot as a guy not a bubble butt woman, the smoke disappeared from around my body “did it work?” Noticing my voice “You… you bastard, you used PermaGirl!!”
“Omm is this really you? You seem… happy?” My friend said after seeing me. An accident happened at our school and everyone got swapped there except him because he was sick. Im now Grace. The school’s wierd girl who was pretty much bi… (rp)
It was a difficult battle. After hours of trying to gain control and possess her, all the sweating, resisting, and writhing as I push myself onto her, I open my new eyes for the first time. The lock to her mind is broke as her soul diminishes, and I sit up, thinking of how much I will enjoy this
As I toy with the remote sent to me in the mail, every button doing more and more harm than good. I accidentally changed myself into a woman. And as I try my best to fix the mistake, all I do is make it worse as I strip down. That’s when I jump as the final button begins to stimulate my new parts
*Sigh* “No, that pornstar isn’t me. I'm cursed so that anyone who touches me transforms into a copy of me. There’s, like, 3 people using my body for porn.” As my friend, I trusted you with this info. However, when I woke up the next day I saw another me, exploring yourself. I guess that makes 4 now.
How could my friend do this to me? He recently found a book that claimed to have a bunch of spells in it. I didn’t think to much of it til a few weeks later I was hanging out at his place when started chanting a bunch of nonsense. Before I knew it I’m a woman. (Rp)
My girlfriend and I were out shopping when her newest SwapApp commission came in- a maximum length stay for a huge fee. Of course, she accepted- the swap was instant, however, you, the customer were intent on getting your moneys worth- smirking at me in the elevator mirror.
I never thought going out at night was so much fun! apparently it was because I didn't have the right body to enjoy it, hehe. now thanks to the swap with my neighbor I can do it, and not only that, also a boyfriend with who to spend the night.
(MasF4A) anyone want to chat to me as if I was a girl? I really want to be and be treated like a girl so dm me if you want! I really want to be and be treated like a girl so dm me if you want! You can say whatever you want and we can chat and see where things go?
On my 20th birthday my friends wanted to give me a surprise. All my friends were girls and knew I at times felt left out so when we were having some drinks one of them put an X-change in my drink. The morning after I've woken up a woman, and they're wanting to take me on a girls trip now.
Swap class is the best! After only 2 weeks as Ashley her friends already loved me and invited me to the beach for Spring break with them. I just got done tanning her gorgeous body and checking out her friends in their bikinis and now I'm getting ready hit the bars with the girls! How do I look?
I watched out my front door as a weird mist went inside my wife. She then turned and caught me staring from the window! She’s coming inside now, oh god. (Roleplay in chat)
My sister and I had swapped bodies, and my girlfriend eventually found out. She told me that shaking my ass was so satisfying, and it was. I started to get wet, and then my sister in my body entered the room. RP OPEN
I was a very lazy guy and you got fed up of my laziness. You used a spell on me that changed my body without me realizing. “I don’t even know how you convinced me to join you on a run! It’s been so much fun! Everyone turns and grins when they see me!” I said innocently
You told me to close my eyes and say ‘ah’ if I wanted a surprise. I do as you say, and you make it so I don’t feel my body change. I don’t notice my long hair or my body fat redistributing itself onto my chest and ass (RP)
So many of you have shown interest or messaged wanting more of my new body so here it is. I am having allot of fun but am looking for new body to hop into any suggestions?
It was my dream to become a pilot and work in the sky, but i found out i was smart enough so i made a deal with this girl so she could become a pilot in my body and i could be a flight attendant in hers so we could both still be on the plane, however after only a few flights into our new jobs…
The largest mass transformation in the world was triggered by a porn site's accidental early release of their new program a month a head of schedule. It was going to let people really experience pov videos, but instead it left a whole lot of people in the bodies of porn stars.
My parents always threw my sister huge birthday parties and even got her a new car last year. They gave me a small cake and a check for $100. As I blow out the candle on the cake, I make a wish. “I wish my parents treated me more like Kylie.” (RP)
Me and my friend were adventurers we wanted to find treasure, we heard there was some in this rain forest. We came across these ruins and there it was the lost artifact we were looking for. Without hesitation my friend went to gran it and all I saw was a big boom and my friend was now this woman. RP
My gf loved the idea that I was a panty sniffing perv for her, and I kind of was. I would occasionally snoop on her porn history or peep on her while she was masturbating. Then she found a spell that let me inside her body, do you think she's aware for this new extreme snooping, so much stuff to try
My mother had swapped our bodies. My dad is coming home soon.
I was a man that was captured and experimented on. I was stuck for ages but now they’ve released me… now I look like this, how is this possible? (RP wanted)
We are teammates. but I've beaten again. You are done with it and use ur power to turn me into a woman. "Really? You think you can beat me now I have boobs? Okay here is the deal. If you beat me I stay like this forever. If I win, you will feminize yourself and we race a year in the womenleague!"(Rp
My best friend caught me, walked in and saw me like this. It had been weeks since I swapped with his mom and he was trying to find a way to swap us back. Told him I was only being affectionate with his dad to not raise suspicion. Really, the more time I was her, the more I was starting to love it
I was drugged last night in the bar, passed out, and was kidnapped. When I awoke, I was freezing, nude, and a woman. And this guy, with vulture eyes starting at me hungrily, was grinding me. The shock he new sensations immobilized me as he and his friends had there way with my new appearance
When my mom bursted into my room to find me jerking off to japanese porn she was not happy. "If you like it so much why not meet a real japanese girl!" And so I decided she was right, but instead, I created one in her place, broken english, stereotypical, everything! (Rp)
“Does it matter that they’re siblings?” I head my voice say only for my sister to say, “Nah, I don’t care.” In a deep and manly voice. A few minutes ago, me and my sister were possessed by two... ‘body hoppers’? What is that...? Anyways, we can’t stop them from controlling us! Please help! (RP/DM)
anyone know who is she?
After years of our sex being about me cumming you had had enough. you changed me to a cutie who can't even get hard without asking.. well here I am hard for the first time in 2 weeks. "Thank you it feels so good, can you please touch it?" my expression drops as I realize it's all for show tonight
You made me possess your crush so I could take a ton of risqué photos and send them to you. I have to admit it’s more fun than I expected, but it’s still weird. “Is this a good picture?” (RP)
Turned into a sexbot and sold.
I went out too the beach and just wanted to chill when some asshole kicked sand at me, saying I was bothering all the women with my presence. "Hmm, well how about you start bothering the men with yours." I smiled, snapping my fingers as he fell into the sand, changing immediately (Rp)
"For god sakes.. can't believe this chick was the only one open!" When possessing bodies to live it gets hard, i had to pick a nice and healthy body, a stable job and keep an affordable house, this receptionist wad the only open spot. "Why the fuck is makeup?!" i groan. (RP)
I could hear it from up the stairs, the loud crashing and banging replaced by my girlfriends muffled voice and stifled moans- little did I know that her body had been hijacked by some bored engineering students using their possession gun. “Honey? You okay?” I shout up the stairs.
My teacher and I made a bet. We would slowly swap body parts because I said her life was so easy. In the guy's changing room, the bullies were in there, and I pulled my shirt up, forgetting she gave me her boobs. RP OPEN
“Come on mom! This is so unfair! You can’t do this to me!” When my mom found out I was dating a girl she didn’t approve of, she went ballistic. She contacted our aunt who knows magic and they changed me into a girl. “How long are you planning this! It can’t last forever!”
“I’m here bro, now where are you- An abandoned parking lot… original” I text your number before ‘you’ walk around the corner. You’d finally perfected your hopping powers and found the perfect body to try it on. (RP)
Oswald was getting old. He had to make a change. He couldn’t keep running this whole crime business so why not start over as Nightwing’s lady? It took nearly all his fortune but it worked to find that special idol. All it took was a little ruse and now he was in a body that was actually tall now.
I thought I was the luckiest person when I found a Genie lamp, I only needed one wish, I wanted to be cool and popular, unfortunately that genre's sense of what is cool was a little dated, I mean scene girls haven't been cool since like 2004!
“How many more steps are there?” I said in my high pitched voice.I was rushing for the frat and in the middle of imitation. My job was to take a x-change pill and act as a girl.Then at the party, I had to flirt with a guy to get a drink.”I’ve done everything so far, what’s the next step?Or am i in?”
You were a criminal, on the run from the cops when I saw you forcibly possess your way inside this girls body at the mall in an attempt to hide yourself- I run over and grab you. “What the fuck are you doing?” I ask shocked by what I’d seen.
I'd love to swap bodies with a guy for a while. we can go in public and you can do whatever you want. I'd like to see you do all kinds of stuff! I'll just jerk off and watch.
The great shift hadn't been kind to me, I wound up in this sexy body but it turns out she'd escaped from prison. so I ran and hid in my father's house...I forgot though he's an ass.
I went to our gangs hideout to check in on some things when a young upstart they picked up started challenging me, not realizing I was the owner. As punishment he'd not be in our crew but one of our prostitutes, Japanese and broken english. (Rp)
The mass transformation was triggered by a porn site's accidental early release of thier new program a month a head of schedule. It was going to let people really live pov videos, but instead it left a whole lot of people in the bodies of porn stars. As you can see I have a lot of explaining to do.
“You witch! Y-you can’t do this to Gaston!” The Enchantress saw the hot-blooded hunter aggressively soliciting the bookish beauty’s affections, despite her repeated refusals. She swapped them for the summer: Belle would have an adventure hunting, while Gaston learned how it was to be the fairer sex…
After the great shift hit, a lot of people began to start going to the doctor, not understanding what was going on with their new bodies. I, a formally male, nurse walk into my next patients room. "Good afternoon sir, Let's see...Okay so you are in here for a...penis...inspection?" (RP in DM)
I was walking down the beach when I saw a hat tumbling in the wind. I bent over and grabbed it. I put it on since I forgot the sunscreen for my bald head. The next thing I know I had long red hair, more energy, flexible and felt bubbly as if I was 18 again. Little did I know at the time I was. (RP)
My best friend Gary was shy, but underneath it actually had a nice physique. We made a temporary trade. I didn't really think I was getter the better end of the deal. That all changed when I took off his, my pants to find this thing. After a little practice, I rammed it in the star cheerleader
I knew the great deal I got on those island getaway tickets was too good to be true! The moment I set foot on the beach, I was in the body of the girl I had been eyeing on the trip over. I'm stuck here for a week like this! (RP Wanted!)
“Fuck… this is the examiner coming now” I think to myself. I’d found a website which guaranteed a first time pass in my driving test by allowing someone to possess my body and take control- you’d just entered me and now had to fulfil your end of the bargain.
It’s pretty embarrassing to be the only person ever to have undergone second puberty and turned from a man to a woman. My family and friends are being so weird too… (RP choose which I turn into)
They said they’d punish me if I didn’t make enough sales this month, I didn’t know I’d be turned into a woman!? The office is going to be so embarrassing. (RP Wanted)
This new bodysuit I got is really something. It has an onboard AI that assists me whenever I assume my female identity. Lately though it’s getting pretty clingy, like it wants to be worn all the time. Don’t get me wrong I love my double life but becoming a woman full time isn’t my thing.
The longer I’m stuck in this greenhouse the weirder things get. It seems almost infinite on the inside and the technology gets more primitive the further in I go. Plus my body is changing, becoming more feminine over time and I can’t stand to wear clothes anymore.
My friend and I decided to secretly swap bodies for the party tonight to have some fun. We agreed to turn back at the end but when I saw from afar my drunk male body leaving with the rest of the boys I knew it wasn't gonna happen till morning . At least I finally found her dorm room (rp)
I was cursed by a witch; any time I saw a cock I would transform into this little nympho until I satisfied her need for cum. It was awkward so I always tried to make it happen quickly. My bully found this out and now he whips it out every day forcing my transformation! I'm now his personal cum slut.
At the start of the night YOUR buddy gave YOU a pill to get the night going. YOU didn’t know it was an x-change pill and would make YOU such a curvy woman! YOU still decided to hit the town in YOUR new body, YOUR buddy wasn’t going to ruin your night out! But I don’t know if that was a good idea!
It was a possession for hire service. You pay someone to posses anyone you desire. In this case I paid someone to posses my mother so I can get a new Ps5. But little did I know that this company likes to scam people and take their bodies and make it company property and being able to Sell it.
What started as a fun weekend getaway, this new body has me constantly thinking if this should just be permanent
"Trevor! Put the clothes back on for god sake!" Sypha (now in trevor's body) tried this new spell she found switching bodies with Trevor and she regreted it. "Come on Sypha, you were the one who thought it was a good idea. And besides I think my old body is enoying this as much as I do." (RP)
They say that dancing can be very sexual for a girl. So a buddy and I hit up a club and saw these two girls in the tightest clothes. We hopped into their bodies to see what the fuss was about. Jesus! Our pussies were so wet and tingly, we were practically orgasming from grinding each other!
I saw this chick being a prude, bitch to her boyfriend, so I figured I do him a favor... I used magic to swap my body with hers, and as soon as we got home, I got dressed up, and made up for all the horrible things she did to him... I hope he doesn't care that there's a guy wearing her skin~
My gf loved the idea that I was a panty sniffing perv for her, and I kind of was. I would occasionally snoop on her porn history or peep on her while she was masturbating. Then she found a spell that let me inside her body, do you think she's aware for this new extreme snooping, so much stuff to try
"Timmy get down here this instance and give your sister her body back!" Kelly said from the body of her husband. They didn't know how but Timmy gained the ability to swap people's bodies. Kelly didn't mind it, especially at night with her husband in her body, but her kids were another story.
We were very broke and both me and you had wished we got to go to comic-con…. We could never have guessed we’d end up in the bodies of tik tok stars Megnutt (Right) and Sofia Gomez! (Left)
We were all here to gather at my dads funeral, I really do miss him. while we were sitting in our seats I felt a chill and soon my girlfriend was shaking in her seat and her head dropped. Minutes later she woke up and says "hey sport whats wrong." (RP)
“At first I was skeptical until I actually tried it, the results were incredibly fast! And just a little drop in their drink was all I needed!” I say for an advert as a happy customer review for the new possession potion, from my moms body.
I had graduated a couple of years back, but due to a mishap with my father's new invention I was put in the body of my younger sister. So I had to go through and get her college grad photos done, and go to all the events. It was, honestly, way more fun than my first time around.
There were no fancy tricks, no magic, no witch or science, one day I suddenly just woke up like this. I tried to explain it to my parents but they said I always was like this. My entire life had also changed to fit my new body, and I had no explanation as to why or how! Did I just imagine my life??
You and your friend had been exploring a Website on the dark web, you ordered a sex Android
My ex wife is a massive bitch she always complains about how hard it is was to be her, so I took her to court after the divorce and I didn’t like the outcome “As the husband of this situation your wife had won the case sir” the judge says “she will take half your belongs including your body”
The courts paid my fiancé and I a huge monthly fee to help in a witness protection program- you were a potential eye witness forced to possess her while you awaited an upcoming trial against a mob boss. “Hey man… welcome I guess” I say
An offer for you to become a body swapper. (RP)
We were very broke and both me and you had wished we got to go to comic-con…. We could never have guessed we’d end up in the bodies of tik tok stars Megnutt (Right) and Sofia Gomez! (Left)
Role play
I have always envied my secretary's life. it was a surprise to know that she wanted to leave all of it, so we came to an agreement and made a legal swap: in exchange for a considerable increase in my new job, we swap lives. it's time to meet my husband.
I had no friends during college so I decided to take a xchange pill and go to a party to see if I could make any new friends (rp wanted)
Nghh I know YOU said YOU were straight buddy but…Nghh dressing up in a pornstar bodysuit and sucking my fat cock…doesn’t seem very straight to me!
I had been a local at this strip club for over 2 years spent most of my money there. well one day I had broken the no touching rule one too many times so as punishment I was sent to an underground swap clinic to become a new dancer.
About a year ago my friends mom approached me about undergoing a secret legal swap. I was intrigued by the idea of being a woman so I quickly agreed. So far I’ve really loved my new life. My only lingering issue is whether or not I should tell my new son the truth.
I went away for college but on my way there someone possessed me and left to do porn! I can’t control my own body, I just want to be free!
I was home alone whilst my husband was away. I had ordered a pizza and once I opened the door for the delivery I felt myself shift and once I opened my eyes, I was staring back at my body. He had swapped our bodies! Using my new strength I push past him and I place myself on the stairs…(rp wanted)
I know I shouldn't objectify him and like I've seen it from so many more angles and from so much upclose than I can now; but can we all take a second to appreciate my hubby's beautiful cock? I mean my cock! It's just perfectly sized with such a good looking head. Fuck! Is my pussy this tight?! (3)
"This isn't funny, turn me back, we both have classes soon" I said to my sister. She bought a strange remote online and just this morning used it on my and suddenly I transformed into a copy of one of my classmates (rp)
Ever since this pervert possessed me, All I want to do is look at my nude body and masturbate. I haven’t had control over my body in weeks! What do I do?
“I told you those games are rigged dude, you lost before you played” I say, looking at the new you. The carnival was in town and you’d wagered an X-Change pill that you’d win, obviously, you didn’t and now you’ve got to wait until it wears off.
I looked down at my petite and slim body, “Are you sure you want to do this?” I ask. My secretary agreed to test my latest invention which is a body swapper. “It could be fun being a single middle aged man, maybe we could explore!” She says as I get her body and life and she gets mine. (Rp wanted)
Just before going out on a date with my girlfriend, the both of us got into a fight, and she got angry and decided to swap our bodies. “Kate, come on. I’m sorry, is that what you wanted to hear? Now swap us back and let’s go to the date.(Rp always open)
you and i were cleaning the attic as i found a remote and used it on you but it turned you into a lady. "dude are you okay?" i ask worrying
as scientist. I travel the whole world for snakes. on my 3 day trip to Zambia, I got bitten by a snake and somehow transformed into a woman. after seeing a doctor and buying some clothes, all I could do was searching for that snake. my flight is in 3 hours and still didn't find him...shit(ama\rp)
I tried to warn my brother about the college swappers but he didn't listen to me. I decided to go to a party with him and when he went to the bathroom a guy cam over and slip a swap pill in his drink. He is now this sexy sorority girl I think he likes it though.
I had swap class. The teacher did a spell on the class that will swap body parts with each other in the class. I blush as i felt my chest grow as i got the popular girl’s breasts. I meet you to your car since you always toon me home. I had hoodie over my chest shyly (Male breast growth rp)
It was all over, or atleast thats what the cop thought when he got into my house to arrest me for my link to all the disappearances around town, not knowing he's next. He had me at gunpoint, his gun soon became a water pistol before his reality warped. "I love strippers in uniform." I grinned. (Rp)
Despite being in college, our parents were still very strict. So when I found out my brother was sneaking out to see his girlfriend, I thought it would be funny to snitch and get him grounded. He got me back by hiding a pill in my dinner and making me take over for his girlfriend while grounded (RP)
After a nice talk with her Tinder date, Lola had to go to the bathroom, after sitting on the toilet, she felt a little shock to later found herself at the table of the restaurant, meanwhile her date was enjoying himself thanks to an invention he made to swap bodies.
"Yeah you spiked the juice...sure you did." I say as my tank top turns pink and grows tighter and tighter...
I am a findom goddess my names Kayla and I Need a group of perv mean to talk sexual to one of my perv pay pigs as a fantasy type thing if ur down dm
“Perfect, you’ll do just fine” I say happily. I’d hired you, the worlds only Hopper Private Investigator to infiltrate my biggest industry competition and find their newest product launch. “Find out anything, from anyone, anyhow” I say as I drop you off outside their office.
Wearing my wife’s outfit from the other day. Getting ready for our swap tomorrow!
“Yea dude, look it worked, now floor it before they catch us bro.” It was our ingenious plan. The gender studies department has a body transforming device for their lab classes. So I stole it for us to use. I was caught and used it to escape. “Fine brah, but I get next dibs on using it in our dorm”
(M2F 4 A) When the Nerve Gear headset came out, I picked one up immediately, and wanting to try something new, made a female character. When the announcement was made that we were stuck in the game until we beat it, I didn't change to my actual body like I was supposed to, and neither did you. (dm)
Imagine. Imagine life having been just a bit different. You were born a girl instead. And your were cute! Boys always liked you. You were a cheerleader. Went to Prom...and married your high school sweetheart. Now image you're waking up this morning, heavy and pregnant...in this different life! (RP)
You always dreamed about your wife dominating you but she was to soft for that, that's why you hired me. I have just take possession of her body and I am ready to show you what your new life is going to become. (RP wanted) [F4A]
I wake up like this. What am I going to tell my family. How did this happen?!(RP)
Can deepfake any pic you like for free if it is interesting enough dm me
When the shift swapped me a month ago I was really worried, and became a shut in, but then I realized how good looking my new body was... I spent weeks getting used to being a woman, and now that I'm ready... I'm going on a date, with another girl of course... I wonder if she'll realize I'm swapped?
"It feels so weird in here babe. I can't believe I'm in your best friend's body! She's so short and so... curvy" I say as I pull at the straps of my skimpy top. "She either has a crush on you or I'm still a hot blooded man in here. Now get over here and help me see what's underneath!"
My sister was out of the house, so I decided to swap bodies with her and find out what she was doing. It turns out she was in the middle of sex with our stepdad, and I can't get out of her body right now. RP OPEN
I couldn't find my sister around the house anymore and so I decided to possess her body to find her out... I discovered that she was recording a video with her phone and it would have been a shame to spoil it... she was putting a lot of passion into it... so I decided to finish recording it for her!
College bars are easily the best place to hop hot girls. This girl's friends have no idea I'm not Kelly even though I kissed one of them and can't seem to keep my hands off of myself. College is the best!
I found a creepy gothic doll in my attic yesterday. I got a bad feeling about it, so I tried getting rid of it. That’s when I found out it was cursed. It came back everytime I threw it out. I ran out of options so I burned it. That made it worse. As soon as burned I started to look like the doll
We were very broke and both me and you had wished we got to go to comic-con…. We could never have guessed we’d end up in the bodies of tik tok stars Megnutt (Right) and Sofia Gomez! (Left)
I always wanted to be a red headed girl and I was scrolling through my contacts, realizing I had a friend who met that description. After a trip to a witch doctor, I was able to swap with her. Now I am sending her a video showing just how permanent our swap is.
Me and my family went on vacation for spring break. Little did me and my family know we where going to a place with high density of hoppers! Looks like one got to my sister already.
What was supposed to just be a fun weekend swap with my GF quickly spiraled out of control when my asshole best friend cum-locked me in her body!
I had spent the last few months undercover in the body of a suspect's wife, a warrent and a quick visit to the swap clinic gave me all the rights I had to make this bust. This man was a defrauding his company for millions, I just needed some evidence before he drove me crazy with my "wifely duties."
YOUR MOM bought YOU a brand new video camera for YOUR birthday! It was an upgrade from YOUR last one, but she’s been using it more than YOU! She likes to record her “talks” with YOUR bully. She won’t show YOU her footage…but YOU swapped into her body and know YOU know why!
When I moved in next door your land lord warned you. I looked like an adorable girl, but the truth was... I'd traded away all my traits and body for a younger body and enough money to retire on. It had become common to happen... but I was such a ditz, she wanted you to keep an eye on me!
“Yeah this is perfect. We should have this place alone all week. These pills are for 48 hours, but I have more when they wear off. We could look for clothes that fit, or we could just prance around naked all week” (RP)
“Ha very funny, what just because I’m a girl now you think I wanna wear girly shit? Pff give me a break.” I lied I definitely felt more feminine and wanted to wear cute clothes but was too embarrassed to admit to anyone. (Second puberty)
I was laying on the beach one day, minding my own business, when The Great Shift occurred. I woke up on the other side of the beach, seeing a guy lay right next to me…..
Attending swap parties was always fun, I'd get a new body for the night and then move along. Tonight was the first night I'd ever been swapped with a girl, and she ran away. If you're not close enough when they swap back, then the swap is permanent! She ran away... now I'm stuck like this forever!
As I flew inside your sister's body, she almost fell over in her high heels, barely cstching herself on the stool. As I straighten up, I turn to you. "How do I look, big brother? I know my cosplay has been teasing you so much, your best friend is here to make it up to you."
The Black Box - Part Two
(Rp post) I was running on the track at college when a pregnant girl ran right by me. My mind started to drift on how she could be so fast. After getting a good nights sleep, I felt a little heavy in my stomach. To my great shock, I saw that I was the girl that passed me.
YOU don’t know why YOUR best buddy decided to give you one of those new 48 hour gender changing pills he got off the dark web. But it didn’t mean YOU were going to do whatever he said! YOU were riding his cock because YOU wanted to…not because he pulled out his dick and asked!👀
I was asleep at my step moms house and when I woke up I felt off balance. I went to the mirror to look and saw my step mom’s face staring back at me. She swapped our bodies. As I felt my new breasts I saw myself walk into the room. She said “Like what I did?” (RP)
I had met this girl online. She confessed she never finished high school and now, in her 20s, was trying to get her GED. She said she was nervous and asked if I'd help. I thought she meant tutoring, so I agreed. But she swapped our bodies! To make it worse, it also swapped our educations! (RP)
I woke up alone in a dark alley in the body of a girl cosplaying as Harley Quinn. But somehow that’s not the strangest part. No. That would be the vibrating in my crotch and the feeling that I have something shoved up my ass. (RP)
“Hey, how long till you get here? I’m starving and the cops won’t let me leave unless you come.” After getting hit by the great shift and woke up at a crime scene, I proved that this is not my body but they wouldn’t let me leave by myself.(Rp always open)
“Hey, umm… can you walk me back to my plase? Please?” I asked embarrassed. Eversince yor ex stole my body, I was anxious to walk alone in the night, due to our city’s bad reputation. (Rp always open)
“Hey sis, whats wrong?” I say sarcastically as I return from the bathrooms. She claimed I would always take her to a baseball match whenever we went out and she felt uncomfortable there, so me being her brother I offered to swap with her so she felt comfortable. (RP WANTED)
A subreddit for fans of body part swap
After swapping with my hubby, I think I've got an insight into the male psyche: not only I'm incredibly visual. To get off, I now seem to need an object of desire to which I can project my pleasure to. Like, he won't climax from me nutting on him (I certainly didn't) but I cum so hard doing so! (2)
X-Change sunscreen was the newest in a long line of inventive products on the shelf currently, with my upcoming trip I bought myself a bottle and tested out the product for myself. Well it certainly gave me a deeper tan than I expected...
"Don't visit the tribe they said. Damn I should've listened." Adam sulked. He was warned not to go into the jungle to visit a hidden tribe. He was captured and a witch doctor performed a ritual which changed him into a female version of himself. Now he was being sent off to marry the chief's son.
“Ugh hey what’s up I was able to build a phone to talk to you, where am I? I’m in the 1780s in Europe stuck as a women, I need to be quick and destroy the phone so please try and help me” getting off the phone and throwing it into the sea, trying to cover my secret I walk, thinking on the situation
As I flew inside your sister's body, she almost fell over in her high heels, barely cstching herself on the stool. As I straighten up, I turn to you. "How do I look, big brother? I know my cosplay has been teasing you so much, your best friend is here to make it up to you."
It was finally spring break and my parents left me and my brother home alone. I was about to invite people over for a party when I lost control of my body.
Kelly shuddered as I hopped inside her, but gave no resistance. In an instant I felt everything she did - her exposed skin, long red hair, and the drinks already in her belly. I turn to face my hot new friends and smile as I plant a kiss on the cute blonde's cheek. Tonight is going to be fun
as scientist. I travel the whole world for snakes. on my 3 day trip to Zambia, I got bitten by a snake and somehow transformed into a woman. after seeing a doctor and buying some clothes, all I could do was searching for that snake. my flight is in 3 hours and still didn't find him...shit(ama\rp)
I'm an agent of The SOL Organization. My partner and I's job is to track down people of high value using advanced skinsuiting tech to replace their close friends and family. Our most recent mission is to replace two girls close to the target, Bridgett and Anna.
Hot damn I love swap class! I got paired up with Melissa here and not even a week later I'm at spring break sunning and flaunting my new body with her equally hot friends! Here's what I'm wearing out to get drinks with the girls tonight
I went over to my favorite ice cream shop after work where they seemed to have some new hire behind the counter. When I ordered he was rather rude, and afterwards made a scene when I didnt give him a tip. I decided to work my magic abit and now he can get good tips (Rp)
Kaitlyn was the hottest milf on the block. But her only flaw was her terrible fear of water, especially the local pool. I saw this as an opportunity to get some attention... finally, somewhere to wear this suit I made of her! With no one to expose me either...
Looking for good bully body swap stories and caption.
For me, it was just an AR game. Put the goggles on, and I looked like a woman. But my two friends deceived me. The goggles physically change me when on. So while I let them play with my fake tits to rack up points, they groped and touched me. It felt good, but I just thought it was part of the game
My driving instructor offered a unique service, after failing once, he would swap bodies and take the test for you. “So… how did it go? Can I have my body back now?” I ask you.
I used the spell exactly like you told me to. While you were lying in hospital, you gave me a spell to let you possess a new body. unbeknownst to you, I was using it on your aspiring model neighbour. Did it work?
Your older sister desperately wanted a twin, but you adamantly refused it any time she suggested. So she turned to your best friend, even paying for a suit that looks just like her twin! “Why are you so upset dude, don’t tell me you don’t want another hot sister around...”
Katy and Michelle were besties, just like us. The only difference? They were breathtakingly gorgeous girls and we were a couple of nerds. So when you suggested we possess them right before they went on their spring break vacation, I could hardly say no! This was going to be the best vacation ever!
"What the fudge did you do to us, babe? My girlfriend had found an app that promised to spice up our relationship. But it swapped our genders, making her the man of the relationship. Now she's using it to make me as sexy as possible! I've already had 5 different bodies today!
Fashire Academy was the most prestigious school in America. Half its students were the elite of the elite. The other half were the lowest of the low, lured in with scholarships. When they arrived, they soon found they were only here to be the rich kid's "roommates", AKA sissified toys. (LIT RP)
(RP) You upset the wrong person so now you've been swapped into this tiny little body. You're going to need a lot of help.
Love love love feeling sexy in this bikini, I never thought I would be be comfortable wearing one but I'm so happy I tried it. This swap just keeps getting better🥰
love to swap
What was supposed to just be a fun weekend swap with my GF quickly spiraled out of control when my asshole best friend cum-locked me in her body!
caption this!
An accident ruined my body, but my brain still functioned. Meanwhile this girl had a functioning body but was declared brain dead. Both families consented and now I'm living in her body with her family. Her friends want to meet me to make sure I'm okay to live as her now
who wants to be turned into her and be my gf
Transfromed and suprised by stud bully.
you and i were cleaning the attic as i found a remote and used it on you but it turned you into a lady. "dude are you okay?" i ask worrying
I'm a popular bully in our school, and I told this loser I'd fuck his mom. Well, I'm in his mom's body and he's fucking me. His cock is pretty nice though. RP OPEN
M4F From Chubby Nerd To fit gym gal
Ever since the great shift put your girlfriend in a guy’s body, she’s been texting you pictures like this. “Date night tonight babe?” (RP)
I looked down at my petite and busty body, “Are you sure you want to do this?” I ask. My secretary agreed to test my latest invention which is a body swapper. “It could be fun being a single middle aged man, maybe we could explore!” She says as I get her body and life and she gets mine. (Rp wanted)
I had bought a bodysuit as a Halloween costume from a shady store. Little did I know it would turn me into a slutty bimbo. And my dad's found me. RP OPEN
My wife is a suit shifter, every time she gets bored of a body she goes and get herself a new one. Now she is in the kids nanny, they love to have her all the time around and I to have a 21 years old wife (RP)
I always new I didn't have the greatest butt, don't get me wrong I do like my cute little perky cheeks. But, ever since I swapped with my husband, just watching my ass -I mean his ass- makes me sooo hard. I don't know what's about pronebone or doggy but I can barely last a minute in those positions!
Look at my new body that i just hopped into She i mean i am perfect just look at these boobs bounce. Time break some hearts and make myself rich!
When I arrived at the airport I had no other choice to abandon my original body and swap into a flight attendee. After all my body was not allowed to flee abroad after having stolen the technology which allowed me to swap. ‘This life is not that bad’ I thought to myself looking in the mirror
(MtF4A) looking for a long term details person to RP with
Today is the first day of fraternity rushing. My first task is to take an xchange pill and walk across campus to get a venti iced white mocha with sweet cream foam &amp; extra caramel drizzle. This is way easier than I expected (RP)
While at my grandma's she asked me if I wanted to swap for the summer. I said sure and it felt pretty nice to be in her body. Not only that but whenever I see myself I get really horny and apparently she wanted to test out my body. Looks like we have a way to solve both of our wants. (RP)
i had a arugement with my sister. soon she preformed a spell and we swaped bodies perment
You were an obsessive Ex-Girlfriend desperate to get your own back, constantly stalking my social media but I never thought you’d take it this far. Purchasing a one way possession off the internet into my current girlfriend with the intention of replacing her. (RP)
The nerdy girl and I had to swap because I was failing class and she was going to help get my grades up. She claims that its quite hard to concentrate because all she can think about is her old body. Now, she’s come over and we’re studying ‘science’. Hope she doesn’t nut too fast…(RP wanted)
You always wanted a sexy cosplayer girlfriend and one day you found a device able to change the body and personality of anyone. You invite me to your house and as soon as I open the door you transform me into your dream girl. What else do you do? (RP)
You swapped our bodies you after I was bullying your sister. You actually decide to help me put my skirt up, but you decide to pull your new dick out and see what it can do. RP OPEN
I had been watching football with my girlfriend when my team started losing the light start going on and off then suddenly I was in her body with my old body smiling at me (rp wanted)
..
This morning I took one of them pills to show my support to my lovely GF. "It's International Women's Day, Kyle. Not Misogynistic Innie Appropiation Day!" she rolled her eyes. "Uhm, why do I have an erection?!" she asked as a 9" tent grew under her purple boyshorts. "Stop oppressing me!" I cackled.
Something very unusual happened and I don’t know what to do... My brother was fatally wounded in a car accident, and to save his life they put his mind into my body. Normally I’d remain in control but they mixed up the wiring, and now he’s in control of me! I can’t stop him! What do I do?! (RP)
The spell worked, I turned into a girl, but there were side effects. I lost almost all my intelligence and memories. My brother agreed to teach me everything. My first lesson is this thing called "sex" that all siblings do. I love him so much. (RP Open)
When he and his wife Amelia got stuck in each others bodies Rob went from big strong bread winner to busty obedient wife. He hated it at first, but he grew to like being pampered &amp; having less responsibility. Rob happily goes to pleasure her husband, w/no idea that it was Amelia who swapped them.
I had been with a girl for a while, and I loved our relationship though one day she confessed that she didn't love me anymore and wanted to stay friends. I was willing to do anything for her so I agreed, what I didn't know was that she thought we'd be better friends if I was a girl too.
I was always a nerdy girl. All throughout high school, I had been bullied. before going to college I had made a wish to wake up as someone hot or who would be considered cool and popular. Apparently, I should have specified I still wanted to be a girl. (RP) (F2M)
"Please, let me go. I'm sorry for whatever I did! Just, please, don't use that remote! Don't lock me inside her mind again!" It was too late. My eyes glazed over as you pressed the button. Felicity was in control again, "Mmm, hey handsome. What was I just saying? God, I'm so ditzy sometimes!!" (RP)
My aunt and I have been swapped for ages, and nobody has known our secret. This thicc ass feels so active, so I often wear a buttplug. It hides underneath the cheeks well, but one day her nephew (my brother) seen me plugging it in. RP OPEN
Swapstitution was the newest craze- allowing customers to live out their wildest dreams AS the woman of their dreams. You were my fiancés newest customer, desperate to make your time count.
You know what they say: "You can't say 'happiness' without 'penis,' ha!" I've always been super close to my mother-in-law. After my husband's father died, she and I swapped. I hardly miss my dick, but oh boy am I always craving cock! The only one weirded out is my hubby who's topped by his own mom!
As you enter the room, three women turn to look at you. "Here she is, ladies," the blonde says. "The newest member of our sisterhood." You're about to offer a confused response when she continues: "The transformation is painless. Soon, you shall become a beautiful flower for the sheikh, as we did."
Shemale Andressa Paiva Gets Her Asshole Fucked and Double Penetrated
"Okay, I know I said I wished I could help you out... but I meant, like, finding you some girl to hook up with," when you told me to grope myself, I felt my hands move on their own. I just discovered it wasn't just my body you changed. I was forced to obey you... (RP)
"Good, she arrived at the retreat. Now I can stop worrying and spend some time enjoying the week," executive privilege was fantastic. Each month I would schedule a week for a leadership retreat. In reality I'd hit the Swap Clinic, drop a fortune, and spend the week as some new babe.
It was bad enough that me and my ex were stuck in a house due to the storm last night. But now something happened and we swapped bodies. There’s a power outage and I’m starting to feel myself getting cold. I put on a sweater but I’m still freezing.(Rp always open)
You use to be so self conscious of your chubbiness now look at you, I take a single jiggly step and you're pitching a tent, and I'm getting a three finger tour of your body
Wow buddy…YOU look so fucking curvy and hot! How did you afford this! You even move like she does! *I said to YOU as YOU showed off to me the new perfect pornstar suit YOU bought off the darkweb*
My neighbor asked me if I wanted to swap for the weekend. Apparently she wanted to take a break from her life so I said sure. Now that I'm in her body I'm gonna make sure I'm familiar with every inch of her milf body. (RP)
"Not 5'2 when I wear these, punk!" The Slut-flu turned me female in a day, and the worst part was that I was TINY. Only 5'2 tall, petite and slim... it was so awkward to be like this! Luckily, with my new wardrobe, I have heels to make me taller! But... it is kinda hard to walk in these...
I feel so small, but so sexy! Ever since that weird artifact swapped our bodies, it's been hard to adjust, but I'm finally starting to have some fun.
Finally started to feel confident enough post swap to wear some more risky outfits🥵 So happy with life since the great switch 🥰😁
u/mollytheswapper told me she had a plug that stopped her getting pregnant! I told her bodiless spirit that it was no fun and had it removed. Now that I am ovulating again, who wants to help me impregnate this body with my former body
It’s pretty embarrassing to be the only person ever to have undergone second puberty and turned from a man to a woman. My family and friends are being so weird too… (RP choose which I turn into)
My teacher ended up being a closeted racist, and was not very happy when me, a half mexican kid came to his class. I overheard him talking massive shit, saying all the stereotypes. I decided to confront him and push all those stereotypes onto him, including the accent and disjointed english. (Rp)
My teacher ended up being a closeted racist, and was not very happy when me, a half mexican kid came to his class. I overheard him talking massive shit, saying all the stereotypes. I decided to confront him and push all those stereotypes onto him, including the accent and disjointed english. (Rp)
‘Come on where is that spell’. I had swapped with my aunt for the last week and spend every morning looking for the right spell in the spell book. Not to switch back, but to make it permanent! I loved spending the day in sexy lingerie and pleasing my husband at night. I just had to stay like this.
(M for f) any girls want rp any of these for my bbc
Spring Break is here, and Kyle couldn't think think of any better way to spend his week long break than to take a X-Change Pill and let loose. He setup a fresh Tinder account for "Kylie" and started swiping
I’d told my friends a few white lies about my new “girlfriend”... they started getting suspicious so I had to deliver some photos. I’m laughing my ass off at the thought of what they’ll do with them, considering it’s just me in a suit!
My friend Casey’s “Gamer Girl” persona was all just an act for attention and followers. She’d never even picked up an actual controller! So when her chat called her out, she turned to me for help. Now I’m possessing her to prove she’s not a fraud! I think I might have some fun in the meantime...
You’d heard of the Knight of the Woods, afflicted by a terrible curse. But when you removed the helmet, you realized the full extent of the spell. “A witch turned me into a woman and trapped me in these woods... but perhaps you can help me break the curse?”
When the FOSE put me in the body of a girl across the country, it was a dream come true! I wished for this day for so long. The fact this body is Asian, has a beautiful face and massive tits is the cherry on top! I’ve spent the entire day trying on clothes and makeup, and I think I look amazing (Rp)
Today is the first day of fraternity rushing. My first task is to take an xchange pill and walk across campus to get a Venti iced caramel latte with almond milk. This is way easier than I expected (RP)
Our mother got sick of our complaining, and swapped us into each other’s body. I was caught off guard when I was put in my sisters body, but she said if we can last the week without cum being put in contact on us, we can go back. Wait, no, sis pull out, I don’t want to be you forever. (Rp)
I write "So, this is the new me, I guess...", and send you this selfie. Even after Second Puberty hit me, we were still playing online as usual (RP)
Looking for rp partner
i wished i was closer to elisabeth olsen and the devil turned me into her now i am cursed to life her life. could someone pls help
"Wake up or we'll be late for the rally," my GF complained. "Just 5 more minutes," I groaned. "Gosh, is it 3/8 already? Couldn't you get me something more athletic? These will certainly chafe." I looked at my chest. "Well, maybe you may want to rethink your big-tits-fetish!" she rebutted. "Fiine!"
NeuroCo’s possession helmet invention was only meant to be used by law enforcement. I was a police officer so I had access to it… but I used it for more nefarious purposes. After taking it from the office, I possessed my hot neighbor! She’s still aware and very unhappy but she can’t stop me! (RP)
10 years ago, me and my brother pissed off our mom. To punish us, she swapped our bodies. But instead of 10 days, she accidentally did it for 10 years. To help us, she told it was permanent. we accepted our faith. But now the time is over and we are back in our original bodies."Wait..I'm back!! (Rp)
Reddit and IPG Mediabrands Announce First Global Enterprise Partnership Agreement
I always wanted to experience Oktoberfest as a girl. I made sure to take enough X-change to last a few days let's live it up! Prost!
(Irtr) the great shift brought be half way around the world into this British chick. I have been having A LOT of fun this past week with my new body…that was until I was waiting in the hotel room and suddenly was face to face with my old body. “How did she find me?!” I think to myself
10 years ago, me and my brother pissed off our mom. To punish us, she swapped our bodies. But instead of 10 days, she accidentally did it for 10 years. To help us, she told it was permanent. we accepted our faith. But now the time is over and we are back in our original bodies."Wait..I'm back!! (Rp)
My buddy got caught looking at another girl out in public. His girlfriend flipped out and found a spell online. she told him if you want to look at girls maybe you should be one. She changed his body into a woman and kicked him out. I'm supposed to pick him up and he's going to be living with me.(RP
After my ex stole my body and left me in hers I tried living my life like I normally would. So we got to the gym as usual, just that now I was probably the weakest in here, struggling with the lightest weights.(Rp always open)
My girlfriend told me I couldn't play video games anymore and that I was to old. This really made me mad so I called my friend over and told him to take over her body so we could keep playing together he happily said yes. (RP)
Finally, it finally came in the mail today! I saw a promotion about this new body suit and I had to get it. I was tired of being in the shadows and not popular. With this I’m sure I’ll be the center of attention.
[Breaking news a scientists experiment has gone terribly wrong stay inside and don’t go into the rain] my family took this warning seriously, nothing wrong could happen… right? But a crack formed on my roof, water was spilling all over me, but I didn’t realize until this morning, please believe me
You were my girlfriends ex-boyfriend, she’d told me how obsessed you were with her and that you’d do anything to be with her but instead you’ve settled for the next best thing- being her. You paid for an illegal dark web possession to ruin her reputation.
Looking for rp partner
Do you approve?
My friend needed to borrow my phone to make a call but I warned him my Siri was acting up lately. Suddenly after shouting at my phone and getting annoyed Siri said something like "Thats it." and suddenly there was a bright flash and before me was this girl, my phone now dead, and my friend gone (Rp)
I cane home with a piercing once and my dad absolutely freaked out, saying next thing he knew id be smoking cigarettes, doing drugs, getting into alcohol, loud music, becoming more violent, etc. He didnt want me going down the wrong path but if he was so scared maybe he should see what its like (Rp)
"Pst, hey. Come over here," the foreign exchange student who was staying with your friend motioned to you, "Listen. This is going to sound crazy but... it's me, Andrew's dad. Somehow she swapped our bodies and is now acting like me..." (RP)
Mark had bullied you and I ever since starting high school, now as seniors we would finally get our revenge. I would use a possession spell on him, and ruin his life. On the day we planned to possess him, we saw his older sister waiting to pick him up from school, "I have a better idea." (RP)
After dying, you are offered the chance to be reborn in one of these forms. Who are you returning as? (RP welcome!)
After possessing my cute neighbor, I knew that I had to try and blend in and act as natural as possible to avoid being discovered... teasing my new body was so tempting though... I'm gonna blow my cover, but I can't help myself!
I swapped bodies with my professor to change my grades. Who knew that she would overpower me and fuck me in her body using my youthful body. I tried fighting it at first but slowly came round to enjoying it. She loves it and shes now saying this is a chance at a fresh easy life… shit! (Rp wanted)
I went on a vacation to swap islands with my gf. I managed to get the body of a sexy milf while she ended up as a hung guy. It definitely wasn't what either of us expected but definitely wasn't unwelcomed. Now whenever she's horny she just whips out her cock in front of me. (RP)
When that milf turned me into my step-mom, I thought I'd get everything I wanted. Well, I did, or should I say my old body. My mom wanted to fuck me in my old body to see what it felt like as a man. RP OPEN
"Dad!" I demand of my father when we're in private. "Look, I know I agreed to be your trophy wife for this trip but I think that autocloset is having side effects! We've been here so long that my mind is getting all foggy..." I complain. But you only smile. That was, after all, your plan. (RP)
“..babe as much as I’d love to join you, you can’t hide in my room all day come and say hi to everyone downstairs stop being such an introvert.. I just wish my family could get to know you better!” I didn’t realise that I was part witch and just caused you to swap bodies with someone in the house!
"I have no idea how you talked me into this" i said as laid on the sunbed. The previous night i was out drinking with my female best friend and you managed to convince me to swap bodies with you so you could experiance life as a guy and so we pretended to be a couple to keep each other in line [Rp]
“Nightwing, please focus. I’m trying to find a way for me and Diana to swap back. I don’t like it either but for now….just be respectful. It’s still me inside here.” Something caused the whole league to switch bodies…and Batman ended up as Wonder Woman!
I was walking down the street during The Great Shift, passing by a shorter girl no older than 21, thinking that she was rather pretty. My mistake as fate had swapped me into this girl standing on the side of the street as she continued down the path in my body….
Mark had bullied you and I ever for all of high school, now as seniors we would get our revenge. I would use a possession spell to possess him, and ruin his life. On the day we planned to possess him, we saw his older sister waiting for him, "Change of plans, I'm possessing her instead." (RP)
(Message to Continue RP) I arrived back at my apartment. I open the door and was confused. “Hey honey are you feeling ok?” I ask not knowing that my girlfriend’s mother had made a skinsuit of her own daughter. I just blush and stare at you in awe.
I was living outside of the Westview when everything happened… I picked it up on my old TV and watched everything, but when the signal cut out one day, I had a knock at my door, I was surprised when I found Wanda at my door… but what she said next was what surprised me….. (RP) (Choices Below)
Offering up my body for swaps. I would prefer to get a much worse body and have you embarrass me while using mine. Can’t wait to hear what you have in mind.
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
During my second puberty, I was given a mostly second chance at life. I had become a hot, petite girl, and my brother was eager to show me what it’s like to have sex as a girl.
“For Fu…frick’s sake. Again? Really?” This was the fifth time I’d awoken in this room. This girl had thrown a costume party. I blacked out drinking and woke up looking like her, costume and all! Now, whenever I try to take it off or even swear…I wake up back in her room!
Me and my mom made a bet to see who was better at the others life. We went to the swap clinic a week ago, and since then Ive been winning easily! Im a better cook, better cleaner, better at it all! Only one more thing to do, prove Im better in bed. Just need to wait until my Husband to get home (RP)
I want to swap bodies with this girl
"That' s it! I'm calling Dad and telling him what you've done while he's working abroad" I told my stepmother, glaring at her hatefully. She forcibly feminized me into a sissy daughter. "You do that..." she said with a threatening smile "...and we can get you implants before he gets home." (LIT RP)
You had been born….differently. Once you hit 19, you found yourself to be this bombshell of a woman…changing overnight. Your father explained it’s a special kind of puberty but what’s more is that….your bully at the college found out…and now here you are? Dressing up to meet him at the pool.
Turkish Delight Morning Blowjob
My girlfriend had once been the victim of a hopper. When the hopper eventually left her body, she had developed an addiction to being possessed. I happen to also be a hopper, but I don’t like to use my power. Once my gf found out however, she has been begging for me to possess her. (RP)
Upon arrival Scott refused to swap his body. But his mother did swap and into a young male. She went off to the night party with other guests. Scott then wonders off and finds his mothers body half naked at a house party. He knew someone else was in her. “Mom..?” He said before approaching her.
My dad was hit with second puberty just after his 50th birthday and it really hit him hard, he's now a drop dead gorgeous 20 year old women and worse yet I've just been sent this video from my school bully of my dad getting friendly with my bully(RP)
Mirror, mirror
After my roommate bought a high end fuck doll I managed to secretly insert an implant inside that allowed me to posses her while he was away. However this time I forgot to check if she had enough battery left and without it I couldn't move on my own or grab the possession device from my room (rp)
My gf has been grounded due to strict parents. She didn’t do well her first college semester. It’s been lonely. Scott walked upstairs to his room. There he was greeted by his mother who was naked on his bed. Confused, little did he know his gf possessed so she could be with him.
After a big thanksgiving dinner and nap, I woke up to find myself in my son’s girlfriend’s body. Apparently my old body already left with my wife. What do I do now?’
I thought my tinder date was joking when she said she was a witch. She took me back to hers after some drinks, but when she pulled me into the stairwell and kissed me, I changed. She pushed me to my knees and told me to take care of every guy who walks past if I want to change back (RP wanted!)
My sister didn't want to go on the trip with dad. So she used some sort of remote to swap me and her. well we got to the island just my dad and me..I think he's staring at me... help
I was a man that was captured and experimented on. I was stuck for ages but now they’ve released me… now I look like this, how is this possible? (RP wanted)
Holy shit the great shift just swapped me into my moms body! Wait where am I? She’s supposed to be at work. Who’s exotic car is this? Why is she dress like a slut?!
Becoming your friend Dave's wife was hard. The Great Shift put you in her body. Waking up in her pregnant body last week was traumatizing as he was intimate with you. You're having to get used to being a mommy and wife. Should you tell him? And where is Dave's Wife? What are you going to do?
Hey, is something weird about this food? It's good, but I feel like I'm struggling to breathe more with each bite...
During the great shift, I swapped with my mom. Her body is so hot, and I get horny when I look at her in the mirror. Today I went to do the washing and I got stuck in the machine. I yelled for help and her footsteps. I heard their pants unzip and felt something dripping on the floor. RP OPEN
When I swapped bodies with my best friend I didn’t know he had this relationship with his little sister I was so confused the first time she asked me to fuck her in my friends body well she didn’t know it was me
You could hear your girlfriend giggling from a distance. You slowly open your eyes...why were you in Jessica's bedroom? As you pulled the blanket off, your senses go into overdrive. Your weighted down by two swollen breasts and tummy, you can smell floral scents and long hair tickling your neck...
Me and my mom made a bet to see who was better at the others life. We went to the swap clinic a week ago, and since then I've wining easily! I'm a better cook, better cleaner, better at it all! Only one more thing to do, prove I'm better in bed. Here I am waiting for my "Husband" to get home (RP)
Join the 𝑷𝒓𝒐𝒉𝒊𝒃𝒊𝒕𝒆𝒅 𝑳𝒆𝒂𝒌𝒔 🔞 Discord Server!
Your wife takes another picture of you..."Hun your getting huge!" She says from your body. You feel massive. The swollen leaking breasts, growing tummy...You literally waddle. All because you said she had life easy while you worked. So she swapped your bodies and you are getting to grow a kid!
I was on my way home from being fired from my job when the whole world turned upside down. A bright flash blinded my vision. Once it disappeared I was no longer driving but in a bedroom, naked with what appeared to be a woman's body. "Oh god! What the hell?" I ask wondering anyone else was here.
My girlfriend and I were on a tour around Europe but little did I know that you- a homeless guy, had spent the last of your money on a pill to possess her and finish the trip with me. (RP)
After I, your roommate, had caught gender flu, life had been very hard. I went from star athlete to a small, cute woman. (RP always open)
My girlfriend and I were on a trip around Europe for our anniversary when she started acting differently. My dad had possessed her using an old family spell and insisted on finishing the trip with me. “You can’t be serious” I say in the elevator down from the room.
My friend was throwing a costume party and I couldn't decide on a costume. My mom saw and bm told me to go as her as it'd be fun I scoffed when suddenly my mom swapped us. It was awful at the party being oggled. I started being given drink after drink and my friend convinced me to crash on his bed.
"Man did we just-" You mutter before I cut you off. "Shut up, we're never going to mention this again." I replied, the two of us were taking these new bodysuits for a test run and things got out of hand... very quickly.
Image and perception is everything in your life which you adored.The last thing you needed was a hot girlfriend to impress everyone.You offered me the money to do it temporarily,I reluctantly agreed to help you as your best friend. I sent you a photo of me, “is this good enough? I spent all morning”
I was in need of company and desperate, so I hired a prostitute. When she offered me a list of packages, I told her I'd take the most expensive one. How was I suppose to know that one involved me being forced to possess her?! Now I have to take care of her clients for the rest of the day... (RP)
I just asked for a spot. I had no idea you were radiating so much testosterone, just being that close to you started to change me. By the time I finished my first set, my balls had shrunk up inside me. Second set and my dick had become a clit. By the fourth set, I couldn't even lift the weight (RP)
"One day into swap class and I get told I'm already gonna be fucking stuck like this..." I was in the first swap class ever, and of course the machine broke after our swap! We can't swap back if we're in our bodies for more than a week... so now I'm stuck as this girl! I'm a nerd!
The great shift really wrecked this baseball season, My friend who is our star player swapped with his neighbor. I know he loves his new body but now he can't focus on the game. I mean maybe we could make him a cheerleader or something. (RP)
They said they’d punish me if I didn’t make enough sales this month, I didn’t know I’d be turned into a woman!? The office is going to be so embarrassing. (RP Wanted)
I was a man that was captured and experimented on. I was stuck for ages but now they’ve released me… now I look like this, how is this possible? (RP wanted)
Become my mom forever
In trying to plant a baby in my body after taking it off u/mollytheswapper hands and have been dumping S much cum inside this body as I can
I had the ability to transform myself into anyone but something changed “the changes worked like always… wait waves crashing? Why can I hear waves” as my body stripped and a yellow bikini formed on me my hair grew and sand and water appeared in my room “what’s happening my reality is changing”
Aunt Juliana, my mother's half-sister, is just 7 years older than me. We basically grew up together and I always had a weird crush on her. For my 21st bday, she surprised me with a mini vacation at a beach resort and had us swap for the weekend "to get rid of our sexual tension once and for all."
Our daughter has been acting out. We want her to be a fine young lady. That’s when you decided to posses her body. I thought it would be weird for my wife to be my daughter on our date. But when I saw you I changed my mind. These flowers are lovely. Thanks sweetie.” You said in our daughters body.
My gf has been grounded due to strict parents. She didn’t do well her first college semester. It’s been lonely. I walked upstairs to my room. There i was greeted by my mother who was naked on my bed. Confused, little did i know my gf possessed her so she could be with me.
My gf has been grounded due to strict parents. She didn’t do well her first college semester. It’s been lonely. I walked upstairs to my room. There i was greeted by my mother who was naked on my bed. Confused, little did i know my gf possessed her so she could be with me.
Porn Addict Becomes A Woman
The date had gone so well. One date...you had agreed to go out with your friend's brother for one date. To make him feel better. But the date was going well...too well. He treated you like a princess. Bought everything. And you drank too much...now your on his couch...about to make a mistake..
"H- hi! I don't know how I ended like this but this morning I suddenly woke up as a girl. I'm not sure how I feel, but I do like the way I look hehe. Can you show me how everything works being a girl?"
Ever since the great shift, my roommate has been nothing but helpful. My changing tastes and feelings didn’t seem to bother him. But I can’t help thinking he overheard me this time… (rp)
“So I just read the sentence from this book and I’ll turn into my female self?” Chanting the sentence “Bala Kala Bubu Lulu!” Smoke and light surrounded my body before fading revealing my feminine body “Did it work… it did? Oh my gosh thank you so much”
They said they’d punish me if I didn’t make enough sales this month, I didn’t know I’d be turned into a woman!? The office is going to be so embarrassing. (RP Wanted)
“S-so are we really gonna do this?” I say as Selina AKA Cat woman places herself on top of me in my body. After fighting thugs, the two of us randomly swapped bodies and we rushed back to the bat cave. There, she was panicking and I tried hugging her to calm her down but then she got hard(rp wanted)
You were the computer technician who had hacked SwapApp- granting yourself unlimited access to any of the bodies on their for free. You shortcut your way to the top of my girlfriends list and granted yourself access- instantly possessing her body. “What’s going on?” I ask concerned as you sighed.
My husband had got tired of me recently. Instead of being angry at him, I decided to upgrade myself using xchange pills I found on the internet! His friends are coming round to play poker, think they’ll enjoy being served by the cute little next door neighbour? I’m going to be the best little host!
“Dude, this shit never gets old… look at you!” I text - my best friend was exposed to an experimental chemical, causing his consciousness to be stripped from his physical form, now he goes around possessing whoever I want.
The new Swap Flu variant was more contagious, but took longer to transition. This left me in an awkward stage where I was a girl everywhere, but my cock. I can already feel it shrinking into my body to become a pussy. I want to use it one last time, but my sister is the only one home. (RP Open)
I come into YOUR bedroom after your trip to the clinic to find YOU standing there, "Hey Dad. I wanted to thank you for my 21st birthday present. I know your disappointed that I didn't swap with a man, but I think you need to give this body a chance first…please”
I was sitting in my room thinking of my milf neighbor when the FOSE hit. I found myself in the shower inside my neighbors body. I played with my new body but soon jumped out to go find my body (RP)
My roommate had found a watch that allowed him to transform someone or something every hour. His first test was on me, when he turned me into this busty, horny, woman! He said he'd fix me an hour later, but instead he shrank to hardly 3 feet tall! Being unable to resist... well, you can tell...
"Yes come in Mr. Miller. I've reassigned you to be my new secretary since I was shifted into my former one. Let's go over your new duties. Now take off those pants and let's see if the rumors are true." CEO Frank loved the power he now had over men as he watched the young man before him undress.
My dad was making an attempt to be more hip and relatable to us by making a tiktok. Unfortunately his posts didnt get much attention. So I figured why not give him some hell by making him into someone who will most certainly get attention on tiktok,Though I cant stop watching her posts. (Rp)
Whenever I went to my friends he'd strut around in nothing but underwear saying "Its his house, he can do what he wants." And it was really getting annoying. I decided he could keep that rule but im changing the view. The best part is, realities shifted so he always assumed it was this way(Rp)
For women, what kind of guy would you wanna swap into?
After we put out that fire at the chemical factory, I started feeling... different. It turns out they’d been manufacturing X-change pills! The chief said I could stay on, but I’d have to be on my best behavior now...
I was part a medical trail in to a new drug, we didn't know what the effects would do, if any, well over the course of a week , my body became female with everything included, I couldn't wait to see how it felt, I snook in the bathroom and filmed it,
You and I were going on a vacation, but we needed to travel with someone 21 or older. Luckily, I had been studying astral projection, so I would possess someone who was going to the same place as us. "I couldn't find anyone else traveling to Milan, this will be my body for the Trip," I text. (RP)
My best friend (YOU) found a bodysuit last week. He has asked me to come over tonight to chill as we always do at the weekends…but this time he said he’s going to wear his bodysuit for a joke. I don’t know why…but…I’m kinda interested into how it will be in person…but in a joking way😅
After Months Of Working At This Shitty Winter Resort, I Finally Found A Body I Wanted To Take For Myself. After I Awoke In My New Body I Stood Up In The Snow And Studied My Sexy New Form (Open To RP)
After Months Of Working At This Shitty Winter Resort, I Finally Found A Body I Wanted To Take For Myself. After I Awoke In My New Body I Stood Up In The Snow And Studied My Sexy New Form
This woman has been teasing you at the gym for months and you finally came to me to help you get payback. Armed with my mind-swap chip, you snapped it onto her neck and instantly found yourself in her body. Now it's time for us to make her "famous"...
I got home from my business trip a day early after securing the big deal. I walk into the kitchen from the garage and hear moaning in the living room. Was someone watching porn? I turn to look and I’m stunned. Two sexy girls I’ve never seen are fucking in my house. “Hello?” (RP)
You and I were going on a vacation, but you were 17, so you had to fly with someone who was 21 or older. Luckily, I had been studying astral projection, so I would possess someone who was going to the same place as us. "I couldn't find anyone else traveling to Milan," I text. (RP)
"Okay, there has to be a way to undo this. If I had known the spell was going to work, I'd have picked someone other than my step-mom! And now the website I got the spell from is gone... and what is up with her search history? How to be a slutty? Adapting to a free use lifestyle? (RP)
What do you mean you still haven't figured out how to undo this, Ms. Miller? The weekend is almost over... I can't go to college looking like you!
You and I were going on a vacation, but we both needed to travel with someone 21 or older. Luckily, I had been studying astral projection, so I would possess someone who was going to the same place as us. "I couldn't find anyone else traveling to Milan, this will be me for the Trip," I text. (RP)
She can never get enough of riding that BBC!
I wanna do something crazy
normally I'd love to be the one taking over a body, but female me is 100% body hopper bait and I welcome any and all hopper to take over my body!
I was really sick, and the swap clinic was my only option to survive. The problem is, when you have no body to sell... you have to sell mental traits. Now I was stuck as a girl, with a dress sense far from what I was used to, and I was so ditzy because I traded my IQ... and I love it!
What happened? It was the first night I stayed over at my girlfriends place this morning I woke up like this..
If you are not careful and accidentally no clip out of reality your body will perish, but your conciousness will go on to exist in the body of someone else from an alternate world. You dare try? And would you kindly describe who you are?
(F2F) Last week I started college, my first week was interesting, picked up my textbooks, met the other girls in my dorm, had a night at the student union, switched bodies with a prostitute and slept with 3 men so far to stop myself from starving. Campus security won't let me back on site (RPinChat)
When my friend drugged me with the new x-change pill, I found out the two rules. One is that you can’t let a man cum in you or you lose your mind. The second is the only way out is to cum on your own. The problem? I can’t fucking cum with my hands and toys. I need his cock, but at what risk.
She was perfect, and I had to have her. Money can’t buy you happiness, I’ve learned that in my long life, but it buys you the ticket to it. I found some renegade scientists who specialized in body swap tech. I gave them most of my money, but the trade of meaningless paper to this body was worth it
A month ago, i went through my rare second puberty. I’m now at my work doing my job until you come in. You didn’t know i had my second puberty, i faked moving away so this new life would be easy. “What can i get you?” I asked as you got ready to order. I could tell, you’re already crushing on me (rp
(Detailed RP only, DM to continue) I come home as soon as I got your text. I knew dad was on vacation. But when I get home I didn’t expect to find you looking like a replica of my girlfriend. “Mom, what’s going on here?” I ask and blush bright red. I just stare at you in awe.
My mom put the ring on and made a wish. She wished to become younger, more energetic, and slimmer. Suddenly, the ring glowed brightly. I fit all the criteria my mother set for the ring so next second, it swapped our souls places and I was stuck in her body.(RP)
Our friendship group had stumbled across a website, giving us direct access and control to this girls body, we were taking it in turns to spend a week inside her, helping out the other guys. “I’m ready, which one of you dweebs is taking me out?” I text the group chat with a video attached.
Swapping bodies with my younger brother is not something I had expected to be fun. HE swapped us, but now months have passed and whilst he’s desperate to swap back, I’m enjoying being lazy… also the fun part is having his dick. My old Instagram pictures and lotion help me get off well…(rp wanted)
The Life Note - Part Seven
I just finished making a teleporter, using my sisters phone gps I had planned to surprise her by teleporting to her... but once I hit the button I looked around not seeing her anywhere I looked down to see what the heavy weight on my chest was only to see her breasts affixed to my chest! (rp)
My friend never believed my magician abilities were real, and decided to show me some trick he learned to prove a point, but I decided to spice it up with some of my magic. As soon as he put that blanket up my magic was put into action. Once it was gone, he was proven wrong by me instead. (Rp)
I come into YOUR bedroom after your trip to the clinic to find YOU sitting there, "Hey Dad. I wanted to thank you for my 21st birthday present. I know your disappointed that I didn't swap with a man, but I think you need to give this body a chance first…please”
after the rapid fire soul swaps Fred was left in Velma body. he was disappointed until he got a chance to look under that sweater. now he can't belive he was excited to have Daph's tiny tits!
I couldn't belive my eyes, after this trans girl I was bullying was found self harming I was charged with inciting it and was given the choice of 5 years in jail or get my made to mirror her transition to "rehabilitate" myself.
my wife and I got in a car crash and were left paralyzed. we agreed to be transplanted into android bodies. I arranged for her to be put in this tiny sex bot but they mixed us up and I'm stuck in this use less body
[AD]: "Are you watching porn alone? Play an online porn game that will allow you to effective possess the model of your dreams! Visit HopMate and experience for yourself the pleasure of multiple female orgasms! Why jerk off alone when you can try to make her cum in less than 60 seconds?!"
I’m a 34 year old male… I woke up this morning, looked in the mirror and I’m now a WOMAN with long legs and small breasts… I’m scared but strangely I also like it….. HELP?
My brother didn’t marry until he was in 40s. His wife wanted kids, but he said he was too old to have to raise a baby. His wife asked if he’d be ok with being a dad to an 18 year old girl and he said ok, but was confused. When he was at work, his wife invited me over and I felt my body change (rp)
I told my step-mom that her large breasts made her look ridiculous. She went off on a tangent about how she couldn't help what nature gave her. She ended it by saying I'd soon find out. The next morning I found myself like this! Now I'm her biological daughter and my dad is now my step-dad... (RP)
I’d ordered a custom skinsuit from the dark web- highly expensive and of the highest quality but when I got told it had been delivered to my elderly neighbour but the door was already open, I walked in to find you’d climbed inside my suit. “What… the… fuck” I say, shocked.
I needed the money… I shouldn’t have done it… but college gets expensive. So I’ve put my body up to be possessed. I seriously hope I don’t get some creep. Looks like someone’s responded to the ad. (RP)
I did what any good brother would when I found my twin brother's wife was cheating on him, I stopped her. So what if that meant putting a spell on her that forced me to possess her any time she was about to cheat. I think I'll keep my possession magic a secret from him awhile longer... (RP)
After the aliens won, my entire unit was transformed into women. I and many others inhabit what I can only describe as an O'Neil Cylinder in orbit of what's left of Earth with the solely purpose of reproduction. After each pregnancy we get 3 months of rest to do as we please in this pristine prison.
Both of us were forcefully swapped into office workers, all because we didnt pay our dept, so our lifes were collateral, now we're both government employees who sell paper! The only good thing was an office party. "So what now.. Pam?" (RP)
(RP Wanted) My best friend messaged me to come over to his house. He said it was important. We were planning to head to Comic Con soon. I was going as Black Suit Spider-Man. I open the door and tilt my head when I see his sister wearing this.
When my friend said he was going to take Gender Studies class I made fun of him. He told me his new lesson was to turn into a woman from his class. The swap machine put him in his busty classmates body. (RP)
What happens when my girlfriends personal PossTrainer refuses to leave? You, Todd had been working on Becca’s body- twice a day possessing her and pushing her at the gym but now you’ve made it abundantly clear you’re intent on living her life forever.
As a worker on Exchange Island, you got to help with setting up the method to swap the guest. This week, only half of the island guest would swap. What you didn't know was that your wife was on the list of people were swapped as she was visiting on vacation with her friends.
I used to love posing as your fake girlfriend, but I hardly had the time with my new job. You kept nagging me to suit up as “Lexi” to keep up appearances but I just couldn’t do it anymore. So you can imagine my surprise when I come home to someone else in MY suit! “Who the hell are you?”
I got back to my apartment late from the party. It was a formal get together my company held, and I spent most of the night with my boss. She was a sweet woman, gorgeous too. After a few drinks she sent me home safely, and I still hadn't noticed that she had swapped us as I entered the taxi!
Alternate Lives - Part Five
I want girl now
A university professor had made the greatest breakthrough yet- building a machine which could take his soul and place into a body of his choice, using it on his students. “Hey Babe, I’ve been looking for you everywhere!” I say, excited to see my girlfriend- the professors star student. (RP)
Karma RX Body Swap
We still don’t know how or why my sister and I swapped bodies the morning of her big day. But I promised to try and not ruin it for her while she try’s to find a way to swap us back.
[MtF4A]Hi, looking for long term RP partners. I’m looking for a rp partner for me turning from male to female. In the rp I’m open to you being mtf or any other as well. You can be a single character or multiple. I do like to play as if the change is unexpected and/or unwanted initially. Dms open
The WHO gave out a “No Swim” Warning all over the eastern Caribbean. Only problem was one resort didn’t get the message in time. I rushed into the warm ocean when I saw them. The emerald tide rolled over me, and one of the slimy creatures engulfed me, and took control of my body and mind
I went out in a blaze of glory doing a stunt show in a plane. I woke up in this body. what do yall think?
I thought Exchange Island was going to be terrible. I spent some alone time with my body and it changed my mind. I love my new huge ass and I love it more during sex. I picked up guys on the beach and allowed them to fuck me from behind mostly because I love the noise of my them clapping my ass.
A year ago the role exchanger swapped my friend’s genitals with my girlfriend’s. Having to bleed out of it and sitting down to pee was humiliating for him. But it also made his chest start to expand. As the days went by he eventually gave in. “Dude… are you, into men?” I finally dared asking him.
My secretary and I were fucking on the down low. Nobody in the office had a clue. One day she asked me if we could swap which I was reluctant about but then agreed. Here I am the morning after, wearing my shirt and sorting my/her necklace out whilst she sleeps. How do girls do this shit!(rp wanted)
Ruining my sister's reputation after swapping from the shift
“Fuck Babe we haven’t even left yet!” I squeal out as I feel my former firm hand grip onto my backside as I grab onto the ledge. We had gone to couples therapy and the therapist suggested we swap bodies. It sounded interesting so we did, but I guess she wants to fuck me infront of a view…(rp wanted)
Meeting Keiko was the best part about my trip to Japan. I didn’t want it to end. But on my last day, she proposed we swap bodies. Without thinking, I said yes! She just texted me to say she got on the plane with my body... what did I get myself into?!
My wife and I have been living for the past thousand years as we are body hoppers, every time we get bored of a body we change it for a new one, we have been of all ages and sexes. Now we are in this young couple (RP)
A university professor had made the greatest breakthrough yet- building a machine which could take his soul and place into a body of his choice, using it on his students. “Hey Babe, I’ve been looking for you everywhere!” I say, excited to see my girlfriend- the professors star student.
While at a resort for my yearly meetings, a kind old woman walked by. She complimented my appearance and handed me a necklace. I jokingly put it on, but as she walked away I failed to notice my body suddenly changing into that of my dream woman, dressed foe the resort. But nobody else noticed!
My secretary and I were fucking on the down low. Nobody in the office had a clue. One day she asked me if we could swap and I was reluctant but agreed. Here I am the morning after wearing my shirt, sorting her necklace out whilst she sleeps. How do girls do this? I think she’s waking up…(RP wanted)
I was looking for new clothes when suddenly some woman pushed me into the fitting room. She frantically pulled out a strange device that looked like a taser from her bag and used it on me. I lost consciousness, and when I woke up I was in her body.(RP)
Scientists and engineers were baffled by the newest breakthrough- a chemical which when ingested allowed you to force your way inside someone’s body and control it- experiencing everything. Nerdy scientists being nerdy scientists- they used it on every female body they could, even my girlfriend.
[F4M] your friend turns into a female celeb/pornstar
Have you ever wanted to be someone else? Be a real life barbie? Wait no more! Visit "Rent A Bimbo" and choose one of many dolls! All of the girls are volunteeringly selling their on a whole new level! Pay for each hour you posses them! Do what ever you want and make your dreams come true. (CHAT4RP)
I am a happily married mother of 4 kids ranging from 18-25 years old. I heard about the great shift and how there were a lot of car accidents. I run inside. “Audrey? Kate? Ben? Will? David? Anyone home?” I don’t hear an answer, but I see what looks like a college gymnast sitting on the window. (RP)
After winning bet after bet with you, I have decided to take a break from my chubby body and take a walk in yours. “Well you already know I can’t lose, but we could go for another bet~” (RP/DM)
Being a bodyhopper meant I had a close aproximation to immortality, there was something freeing about not being to able to really die. Every ten years I'd go out and find a new body. This decade I choose the life of some middle age woman I saw giving a poor barista grief.
Roleplay - the witch waved her finger at me. "you have no respect for women young man, so I curse you to become your worst nightmare! you are now an overweight 48 year old, single unemployed woman!" she holds up a mirror and I scream at my new reflection
Um, hello? You just woke up in a different body, that's crazy because the same thing just happened to me! Oh yeah? Well you should probably calm down, ma'am... because yeah I'm not your daughter. I replied to the hysterical woman over the phone, guess this was probably a world wide event.
I always bought into the misconception that men had a higher libido than women. After having swapped with my wife for almost a year, he confirms that's not the case at all: he barely jerks-off. Turned out, I was the cumslut all along! I'm glad he finally agreed to make B/G content for our page! (2)
You know, this won't be too bad, me being my sister and you became her husband. After all, my sister is a successful sports anchor and her husband is a banker. (RP)
I was an underground SkinSuit salesman, finding good bodies before turning them into SkinSuits and selling them to the highest bidder in secret meetings- mostly to powerful businessmen who liked a change. “All items are tried, tested and modelled by me” I announce before item one.
(RP) You got your wish and were swapped into a young woman's body. You can't complain about looks and you're even blonde now but having all your limbs and not needing so much help would be nice.
Okay I really had to take revenge for all the times my sister possessed my body while I was on a date with a girl, but maybe I overdid it by possessing her body at her birthday party with our whole family present and acting like a slut...
I watch in horror as my girlfriends body goes limp, a grey mist escaping her mouth before being replaced with a black mist that filled her with a gasp. There’s nothing I could do as your experimental astral projection had taken over her body for your own fun.
Not how I expected to wake up in… but when your girlfriend comes from a magic family she likes to have her fun… I just want to know when we’re switching back. (RP)
Should I feel bad? Probably. But the truth is, I don't. Hannah was a perfect, pretty blonde who never did anything uncouth. That's the whole reason I possessed her. I wanted to give her a new style. She's aware, she just can't act. As much as she pretends to hate it, I get the feeling it excites her
Swapping into milf
Of course I knew you were trying to infiltrate my operation by posing as my wife. I knew from the moment you walked in. I also know that when you orgasm, you'll be a woman forever. But I also I know something you don't. I think you like this and want me to keep going...
"What the hell" I raised the dress I was suddenly wearing in this unfamiliar room "it's gone... it's all gone..." I mouthed in awe at the sight. Just seconds ago I was running the tracks after class before suddenly being thrust in this old woman's body. What in the world happened!?
"Hey man! Do i really have to do all this boring paperwork? I know we made a deal and everything about me keeping her body aslong as i did her job, but really man? Selling paper!" I had recently made a deal with you, letting me possess one of your employees permanently, in return i do there job.(RP)
"How the hell do they get these things on?" Mark was learning first hand why Swap Class was created. It was to give experience to how the other half lives. Although he just gave up and decided that he would go braless for the remainder of the semester, to the annoyance of his class partner Erica.
Evan's streaming career was having trouble taking off, he could never break 50 watchers.hw was about to pack it in, then the Great Shift happened. Now, that was no longer going to be a problem!
The Lottery - Part Six
Second Puberty has been a nightmare! It's only been 2 days and I need to carry on with my life but I'm so embarrassed! How will people react when they see me? (RP)
My son lived across the world and all I wanted was to get some more time with him so after casting the spell I found online I never expected it to work but as I pulled myself of the bed I could feel to huge weights on my chest, "shit im his girlfriend not him, crap is that her phone ringing"(RP)
“Just signed those shitty divorce papers for you, you’re now looking at the Ex- Mrs Thompson” I text, quickly followed with. “I might stay in here, do you mind?”. Your wife was refusing to sign her half of the papers so I turned her into a skinsuit and signed them for her- taking 0% of your wealth.
I finally possessed the popular girls body that has been bullying me for months. Time to have fun with her body and ruin her reputation. Can RP on other apps
It was perfect. My machine ran on injected DNA, and allowed for the slow transformation into anyone you wanted. I loved Ray, she was hot, popular, rich, and smart. I wanted that life and body all to myself. I stole a piece of her hair to become her copy. Now I think it’s time to become the only one
You and I were on vacation. On the first day, we wanted to go for a swim in the sea, so we for the beach. While running, I looked back at you. While my attention was on you, I collided with a woman, and we fainted. When I woke up, my body felt different, "Ouch, my head hurts," I groaned. (RP/DM)
My boyfriend has confessed to me before that he wanted to fuck his sister, so when I woke up in her body, I immediately sent him a naughty picture asking him to come over, but forgetting to mention I'm his gf (RP wanted)
[M4A] Ben 10,000 bodyswap erp/rp
My boyfriend was cheating on me with like five different girls across the country. When I found out, that was it. I dumped his ass and took away his manhood (RP)
We are on a family vacation and my sister is still renting out her body on the platform "Rent A Bimbo". Nobody in the family knows what she is doing with her body. Except me. I can just hope that no perv has the money to actually in the next few weeks.
“You had a good day as the new you?” I text after receiving your picture message. I’d finally mastered my Possession Program and you’d begged me to use it on you- my roommate so you could be a girl, when you wanted, for as long as you wanted.
You hadn’t seen much of me in the week after the FOSE, so you decided to come check in on me. You figured I was taking it hard – the last thing you expected was to find me happy as can be, trying on outfits! “Aw, were you worried? Sure, it’s a bit weird, but I honestly don’t mind being a girl!”
"I have no idea how you talked me into this" i said as laid on the sunbed. The previous night i was out drinking with my female best friend and you managed to convince me to swap bodies with you so you could experiance life as a guy and so we pretended to be a couple to keep each other in line [Rp]
After my dad walked, my step mom was lonely and needed some attention. She and my gf decided to swap bodies at the clinic, but failed to read the fine print that said "Male cum makes all swaps permanent". They were okay with it and our new living situation seems to have worked out ok. (RP wanted)
Thanks to a reality swap, I was able to switch the bodies between my ex and my dog with no one seeing them as any different.
"Finally now that I'm one of the meddling kids I can solve this case and come back here and finish my work without being disturbed" I had just swapped bodies with this girl who fell through the trap door. I lock my body away. Now to lead them to her and I'll be able to continue my research."
I had been at a party with my friend she was quite drunk as she handed me a drink. As I took a sip our bodies swapped. She told me I would have to lose her virginity to her boyfriend to swap back since she wasn't ready for sex yet (rp always wanted)
"I have no idea how you managed to talk mr into this" i said as laid on the bed with you. After a night out my female best friend (You) had managed to convince me to swap bodies with you for a year so you could experiance life as a guy and we pretended to be a couple to keep an eye on each other[Rp]
It’s bad enough you turned me into a girl but your a hypnotist and you hypnotized me into thinking I’m a princess but who knows what else you could do with it want to do a hypnotist rp that slowly builds up not just instantly fucking
I've been in a prank war with this asshole at my office for 5 years and I have always been better at pranks. Unfortunately he didn't take the last one too well cause he put me in the bosses wife.Were about to drive home and I'm stuck if I don't wanna get fired.(DM 4 RP)
It was the end of high school and I wanted to party. My friend thought it would be fun if we took something which may or may not be legal and… he messed up. Instead of the high I wanted, instead I slowly transformed into a chick… I seriously hope this isn’t a permanent pill. (RP)
After my mom put the reality stones together, my eyes immediately went black. When my vision returned to me, I was in her room. For the first few seconds I didn't understand what had happened, but then I realized that I was in her body!(RP)
Went to the doctor yesterday because I wasn’t feeling well and he told me that I had the Slut Flu and I should come in tomorrow. I laughed it off and said there’s no such thing. During that night I got horny, pumped and fell asleep. This morning I woke feeling horny and wet “HOLY SHIT MY BODY!”
"This was a great way to see Paris honey, but maybe we should explore the city too." Mary and Gus used a travel agency that swapped you into locals to celebrate their 50th anniversary. But for the first couple of days they've been exploring their young bodies rather than the city.
I was really enjoying my time at the beach after I stole Jeanne’s body. Then, her started getting closer, and more handsy. I was frozen, I didn’t know how to react. Him touching my tits, playing with my hair. And when he brought his hand lower and fingered me, I knew I was in trouble
One year goes by fast when you’re in a relationship. We were on our anniversary date together when the lights went out. When they came back on I was looking at… myself? When did it get so cold in here? And why is my hair longer? (RP)
1 year goes by fast when you’re dating. We were on a date together when the lights went out. When they came back on I was looking at… myself? When did it get so cold in here? And why is my hair longer? (RP)
We were already at the college, but mum still insisted going shopping with us. My sister especially hated it, complaining that mum forced her to try everything they had. So this morning while I was asleep she swapped our bodies and sneaked out, leaving me to suffer the shopping spree instead (rp)
Alex had fallen asleep reading 'Alice through the Looking Glass,' and had awoken to quite the surprise. "Curiouser and curiouser!” Cried Alice, who had many more surprises ahead of her.
I group of friends had sent us this photo. Ok choose one and I'll steal their body a bet is a bet I'll stay in their body for the rest of the week at this festival and no one will notice I took their body too (rp always wanted)
Anyone want to possess my friend and his gf?
So apparently your magic device does work. First you demonstrated you could swap bodies by swapping me and this random girl. Then you force my body to grow as big as buildings. "Ok dude you've made your point, now reverse all this" I say as I was blocking traffic and everyone was staring up at me.
I wanted to impress Lisa, my crush. She was a virtuoso pianist, so I thought learning piano might do the trick. But it was WAY too hard and I decided to make a wish in that fountain by the square. My wish came true, I could play beautifully! Except... now I was Lisa!
"I don't think the slut flu did anything wrong okay?!" After I got the slut flu, I changed really quick, physically and mentally. I was so dumb now, but so cute... and so eager to get with YOU for some reason... and it seemed like it was only you?
A girl ready to do a body swap with me, I'm a guy by the way
I got a strange text from my nephew this morning. “Hey Unc, can you meet me for coffee? I need you to talk to my parents. They kicked me out of the house and called me a freak. I’ll explain later. I’ll be in the pink top.” (RP)
As a mob boss, your work was dangerous- always at risk of a hit. But that’s where I came in, when the worst did happen then you’d paid for me to force your consciousness inside another body. “Sorry Sir, she’s an emergency body” I try to explain on the clinic’s private balcony.
After slowly getting into dark magic you where trying spells out that you had no idea what they actually did. This was working out fine until you used one that summoned a ghost. Shortly after seeing my figure you watched as it bolted up into the bathroom to possess your sisters body. Roleplay wanted
When Gary had wished he could have a do-over for his life, he certainly hadn't expected it to happen, and especially not to be in the body of a young cheerleader! He was quickly forgetting who he was, but that did remind him he was failing math. Maybe he could persuade his teacher to let him pass...
When your friend is too shy -despite of having a killer body- and begs you to possess her so you can ask her crush out, because she wouldn't dare to do it; and not only Chase ends up saying yes, but he actually likes you for being such a chill girl so you can't back-out and you three end up fucking!
“Do you know how jealous of you am I right now? A whole month inside her!” I exclaim. My friend got picked for swap class and he got picked to be our crush for a month. Little did he know that I had rigged the class to get just this result.
This is so fucking embarrassing, I hate my boyfriend. Whenever I’m not obeying him or being perfect for him, he activates something he put inside me during sex, and it allows his best friend to have full control over my body. He loves using it to make me obedient, even in the damn shoe store
"What's wrong pal? Scared~?" I smirked. Ever since your friend had his body stolen by a psychotic woman who escaped from a mental hospital, he had visited you ever day but recently, he's been acting *strange* (RP?)
"C'mon Jake. Skinny dipping in the river has been our tradition!" Nick was a FOSE victim and was placed inside Jake's gf's body. One moment he's playing video games and the next he's riding his best bud. That's why Nick brought him to the river, hoping that his seduction might work this time.
The Poor Neighbor and The Rich Milf (M4F) RP/Chat
I was out trying to find ScareCrow. But when i went to an abandon building, he shot some type of gas into the room i was in. I covered my mouth but breathed in the air. I felt pain in my body as i push the middle of my belt to call for help. You heard the call on your gps. (Rp)
Swap class at school got you in a blonde like you hoped. You might need some help now but it's not a bad body (RP)
Brand new body swap and role playing discord server
“What’s going on with you recently? You’ve been… different” I ask, little did I know that my girlfriends Neurolink implant had been hacked and access to her body had been sold on the internet, you were the highest bidder.
*CLASSIFIED* US Secretary of Swap Robert Eldridge interrogates a suspected body swapper, black and white c. 1962. The Department of Swap was established in 1956 to respond to the threat of a Soviet Swap Invasion. Its methods were condemned by international law and it was allegedly disbanded in 1970.
"Mrs M?" I give her a shocked expression seeing my body on her bed. I look down and see the massive amount of cleavage at the top of her dress "why..you wanted more time with Kelly, and so I could get to know her dad better? But not like this, I don't even know what to do at a dinner event?"
"Honey?" you cry as your twin-brother rushes down the stairs. When you find out your sister-in-law is cheating on him, you possess her every 'Free Use Saturday.' A kinky idea "she had" to please her faithful husband. It's not weird at all, cause it's like being fucked by your own cock; only better!
We are on a family vacation and my sister is still renting out her body on the platform "Rent A Bimbo". No one in the family knows what she is doing with her body. Except me. I can just hope that no perv has the money to actually rent out her body in the next few weeks.
I had finally picked up the auto closet everyone was talking about “alright let’s test this out, just get into it and press a few buttons” [AUTO CLOSET ACTIVE, HI ANDREW, YOU HAVE CHOSEN MOMMIFY] “wait no” [PROCESS 10%… 50%… 100%…] I step out the closet as the new me
This hasn’t been reported on so far, but the Russians have begun gender swap warfare. We were fighting on the front lines when we got hit. Now I can’t focus on the war, I’m too focused on trying to get fucked. (RP)
I’ve always lived on the farm, with myself, my mom, my dad and brother.I’ve never been to the city, but I’ve always been interested in futa girls. Suddenly, I felt a sudden shift, and I was no longer in my body, but in a city girl’s body being impregnated by her Futa girlfriend.
I would love someone to play a girl I know or catfish me as certain celebs/tik tok stars/pornstars and become my cum sluts. U want my cock and cum, so come get it. Kik wereartthou
My new bodysuit is amazing! I feel so sexy and cute. The only problem? I think it’s increasing my need for attention... can you come over and tell me I’m pretty? I’ll find a way to make it worth your while...
Roger was a devout Mormon in his 80’s. He had never gotten to enjoy his youth as a result. He loved that he was a Mormon, but there was always a part of him that wanted to enjoy being young again. The day he passed away, he decided he needed another chance. Then he woke up in a body that wasn’t his.
“Dude, when I said you could use my possession pills for you own fun- I didn’t mean on my girlfriend and definitely not on our holiday” I say angrily, I’d given you access to my stash for personal use but you were taking it too far.
My girlfriend had made a deal with her professor- 100% marks, in return- you got to test your experiment- the Soul Machine to possess her body for our summer holiday. “So… what do I call you?” I ask, sat in the airport after you just took over.
"Hey man! Do i really have to do all this boring paperwork? I know we made a deal and everything about me keeping her body aslong as i did her job, but really man? Selling paper!" I had recently made a deal with you, letting me possess one of your employees permanently, in return i do there job.(RP)
Finally saved up enough to get this suit made for myself, time to live my best sissy Bimbo life (rp)
Introducing Swap Spirit! A new alcoholic drink that contains a random soul! Depending on the version, it’lltakeover the drinker’s body or swap its place inside the bottle! (RP)
This morning I was feeling off, though I didn't understand why. As I returned home from work, I saw my short neighbor waiting for me... though she looked different "Wow, we really exchanged some height, didn't we?" she laughed "Can't wait to get rid of these thunder thighs too." - What's happening!?
“My surgery has finally healed. What do you think? I certainly won’t have to worry about getting embarrassing boners anymore!” I text you happily after my surgery healed (RP please)
A girl ready to do a body swap with me, I'm a guy by the way
The Life Note - Part Five
I have been through rough times lately and my mom proposed a body swap vacation so that both of us would get some free time from being ourselves. I wasn't too fond of the idea at first but being her might not be that bad. AMA RP
It was the start of swap class. There were many girls, many teachers but you were among the few guys in the class. People could ask to swap instead of having to be randomly swapped. Who's request-to-swap did you accept?
I had a gambling problem. My roommate knew that, and liked to take advantage of that. Just when I thought I'd quit, a simple "Hey, bet you a pill that my team beats yours tonight" was all it took. Now I'm stuck like this, only allowed to wear this bikini for a whole week! (RP wanted!)
I was the gay friend while my friend I had a huge crush on but he was straight and had a girlfriend but I just wanted to see what it would be to date him for a weekend Well luckily his girlfriend said we could secretly swap and I said yes now I'm just waiting for my “boyfriend”to come home (rp)
I had went back to this chick's house after a party when I went home she wasn't in her bed. As I look around I see the mirror and her body. Wait a minute I'm in her body what the hell did she do to me (rp wanted)
HMU if you wanna rp
“Hey! How have you been dude? It’s been a while! Have I even seen you since I took my permanent xchange? What do you think? I definitely need a boobjob, but at least I’m not some fat bitch. And do you think I should get tattoos? Or pierced nipples?” (RP)
(Rp wanted)
Ik this isn’t the usual way of posting here but I’m looking for a short term bodyswap rp plot! Captions have individual plots
"So this is what the remote did to me! Pretty crazy, huh? I gotta be honest, these boobs feel kinda good. Anyway, I immediately rushed over to your place to see if you wanted to try out the remote too. So whaddya say? Wanna see what else you can do with it?" (RP)
"So this is what the remote did to me! Pretty crazy, huh? I gotta be honest, these boobs feel kinda good. Anyway, I immediately rushed over to your place to see if you wanted to try out the remote too. So whaddya say? Wanna see what else you can do with it?" (RP)
Went to the doctor yesterday because I wasn’t feeling well and he told me that I had the Slut Flu and I should come in tomorrow. I laughed it off and said there’s no such thing. During that night I got horny, pumped and fell asleep. This morning I woke feeling horny and wet “HOLY SHIT MY BODY!”
“Hehe hey there, I didn’t really want you to see me like this” *sighing* “do you remember that witch we bought those drinks from on our hiking trip before we passed out” gesturing to my body* “well the drink did this to me, sorry I never told you this”
"Oh! I didn't know anyone would come this way." Immediately after the shift, Ken found a secluded spot to check out his new body away from the chaos. He smirked at the handsome man, "Judging by that bulge, you got an upgrade as well. Wanna explore these new bodies before all this goes back?"
For you, the great shift seemed perfect. You got an amazing body, and were loving your new life... but then, you realized being THIS hot was bad. I hopped you, you were awake, and we could talk... but you couldn't get control off of me! "Don't wanna be hopped, don't be so hot... it's not that hard."
"Thanks again for letting me stay for. This whole Swapped at Birth thing really did a number on me. You sure this won't be too weird for you?" After being forced to swap back, my parents kicked me out and disowned me because of my new body. My new bodies old boyfriend offered to let me stay.
I'm a private investigator and I always deliver for my clients no matter what. Even when that wizard swapped me with the sultry blonde who'd walked into my office that morning, we still found her missing brother. Life goes on, but... I guess I shouldn't call myself a "private dick" anymore...
We had bought some weed from a shady dealer and it was beginning to change us!
Itz been 5 dayz since my secretary and I switched lives. She was confidant that she could do my job and I said yeah as if! Itz been tuff NGL lol. She has been taunting me n making me feel stupid all weak. I miss my old brane. She said she'll talk about it further on Monday and 2 enjoy my wkend. K.
I warned you not to put on the mask. I told you that in doing so, you would become a cockcraving slut. But, luckily, you didn't believe me. And as I took your mask off, I knew your transformation was complete
My dad was a successful business man, He was on top and then the great shift put him in our neighbor Samantha's body. He is going to continue to work but he is concerned he wont be taken as seriously now. (RP)
Chad was a body builder, who hated fat people and thought they were lazy. Everytime he saw a fat person, he would laugh. That was until he was walking along the beach planning to pick up chicks when suddenly he blacked out. When he woke up, he realized his worst nightmare had come true (RP).
You didn't even know what was happening before it was too late. Your body resisted your commands and instead obeyed mine. As your shape changed into my liking, you felt your mind begin to wander to my nether regions. You knew what you had to do
It was all over the news, peoples bodies were being possessed by these spirits. Pulling peoples souls out of their bodies and possessing them. Scott knew he had to take keep his wife safe but when he got to her, her soul was already getting extracted her eyes white and her body empty to be filled.
I was a lonely 50 year old millionaire, my kids hated me and my wife left me years ago. I was out walking when I found the “Bodyshop”. They could put me in the body of anyone who left their old body behind. Now I’m Audrey, a 24 year old French exchange student!
Last night was wild, I was at this bar and this chick starts touching my arm and reciting Latin. Next thing I knew she was running off with my body. After going home and falling asleep, hoping it was a weird dream, this is how I wake. What should I do first?
My female bodysuit finally came in! I’m planning to wear it for the next comic con. Just looking at myself in the mirror gets me horny. No one would keep they’re eyes off me 😍 What’s this? My body suit has a second option! Hmm who to go as?
My best friend and I used to love hiking together but ever since he got the NerveGear- I no longer saw him, only his new, fully responsive avatar body that he piloted from home. “When I suggested I hike, I meant the real you, not this *thing*” I say angrily.
When your mom brought home that idol from her friend who practices magic, she probably didn't expect what it did. One day you were messing with it and it suddenly caused you to possess your mom's body. You quickly make your way to the bathroom and check out her body. What do you do next?
My brother and my girlfriend decided to swap bodies for a week, however they enjoyed it so much that they didn’t swap back. This would be fine but my brother decided to wait until after giving me a handjob to tell me this (rp)
I was excited for my new bodysuit. I got an email that it’s been delivered. I get home and the box isn’t outside. I start panicking when I open the door and see someone wearing it in a sexy negligee. “Hey! That’s my suit!! Give it back!” (RP)
My cousin has always been such a up-tight bitch to me but recently I was able to finally swap bodies with her to give her taste of her own medicine. She wants us to swap back but im really enjoying my time in her tight body.. anyone wanna give her body a spin?
(M4A) It was an extremely risky operation, however you had managed to cast a possession spell on the administrator, turning you into the god of your own world~ She was now a filthy peasant, while you were a gorgeous woman with nearly unlimited power. Lets see what you get up to with your new looks~
I was envious of the upper class, and I wanted to live my life like theirs. There was a company that offered a shortcut up the social ladder. RichSwitch would give you the body of a willing richer subject as a tax exemption. I love my life now, and being exploited by the rich never felt so good
John’s jaw dropped when he saw his new body. He was an incredibly smart lawyer who made tons of money, but he was an absolute jerk to everyone who worked for him. One day, he made the mistake of smacking his secretary’s ass, and she swapped his body with one where no one would take him seriously
I’m a broke guy so I took a job at an all girls school, but I did have to take a permanent Xchange, “Ok class pull out your textbooks to page ninety-“ a girl interrupts me “aren’t you that man who took that odd pill to get this job” sighing “yes that was me, but that’s not the point Sarah”
I was at a party with my friend she was getting very drunk as I take a sip of the beer she got me I blacked out for a couple of seconds before I open my eyes seeing I'm in her body (rp always wanted)
The news warned of hoppers- recently a guide was posted online on how to hop bodies and it was a new craze. So when I saw a strange, overweight man following my girlfriend into the toilet at the mall, I knew what was happening but I was too late. “What are you doing, man?” I say, pushing you.
My friend moved to another city and we didn’t have an opportunity to chill out together, but then he has found a possession remote…
I really really thought I was punishing YOU when I used my magic to change reality. I thought you’d get mad! But from what I can see…YOU love it and love how hot YOU look! YOU even sent me this! This is a completely new YOU!
POV: "You've found me teasing body swapping old men once again" (RP/DM)
My buddy had swapped me into the body of his crush against my will. He said if I went out to the club with him dressed like he wanted he would change me back. One night of drinks and dancing then back to normal. What’s the harm right? (RP/DM)
The transformation was complete. After my partner and I found the Butterfly Stone, we were going to pawn it to the highest bidder. But it was cursed. I kept it by my bed, where in the night, it warped and metamorphosed my body into an unrecognizable female form. I had to return the stone
I couldn't get two tickets to the game. I wanted you to come with me but I didn't know how. Then I found the swap remote. I told you i would put your name in the remote and swap you with someone at the game, when I saw this chick I new it would be hilarious to put you in her body. (RP)
My bully traded my body away and decided to start passing me around with his friends. It’s so humiliating but after a while… you start to like it.
You were a top Wall Street CEO and as it was my job as your PA to source your bodies for possession to unwind at the weekend. “Sir, will she do?” I ask, poking my head into your office.
“Dude… what was in that weed…” you say in a daze. I had purchased some TG drugs from a shady seller and all i had to do then was have you smoke it…
After putting on my best friend's girlfriend, I picked up 'my' phone and saw a text from 'my' boyfriend. 'Do that dance for me baby 😉'. I don't know what the fuck he meant so I just improvised. Clearly it wasn't the dance he meant, but from his reply, he did not care in the slightest.
(PT 2) This weird world just seems to keep on getting weirder. It appears that when I fell into a coma, I jumped universes. Now I’m one of the valued “Last Men” but everyone I know now… are pornstars…. Who should I talk to first? (RP)
The hardest part about having swapping powers is watching people live their lives wrong, I saw this beautiful women bagging groceries and decided to jumpstart a better career for her, its taken about a week but I’m ready to leave her with her new OF and thousands of followers, hope she likes it!
A genie appeared and offered to grant me and my friend one wish each. We both had the same wish: to have the other’s sister suck our dick. The genie decided to take some liberties with how he granted our wish though, by turning both of us into our own sisters but letting each of us keep our cocks.
Very popular rp looking for more!
“Fuck man, could’ve been a bit less obvious” I moan. You were a possession hitman, possessing bodies to complete assignments and you’d asked me to meet you in an empty parking lot to discuss the job.
"What did you do to my coffee? Johnson! You son of a bitch!" You had been pranking me for months on end, now that the new X-change pills have hit the streets, you decided to pull the mother of all pranks, a permanent X-change in my coffee. "You... i will kill you in your sleep Johnson!" (RP)
Ever since you caught the slut flu, I’ve had to fight back your advances. Yes, you’re hot and yes you have an insatiable need for sex, but I’ve done my research. The slut flu is 83% transmissible through sex. I can’t risk it (RP)
[M4A] Ben 10 bodyswap erp/rp
My female bodysuit finally came in! I’m planning to wear it for the next comic con. Just looking at myself in the mirror gets me horny. No one would keep they’re eyes off me 😍 What’s this? My body suit has a second option! Hmm who to go as?
I never kept my powers a secret. That was a mistake. I could shapeshift into anyone or anything. That’s when my friend implanted me in my head with chip. He told me it would strengthen my powers, but all it did was give him complete control in my transformations
I bought this lingerie on Amazon as a joke, but when I put it on, it turned me into a girl! What do I do now?
“Hey man, don’t panic but you’re not you right now” I say, trying to explain. My girlfriend had been getting on my nerves recently, not appreciating anything I’d done for her so I purchased a dark web possession- a long waiting list of men who wanted a new body, you were the lucky winner.
Dating a reverse hopper was normally a nightmare- people being able to assume control of her body with a single touch but every now and again it came in handy- like offering her body out to my friends for the night. “Bro, what do you think you’re doing?” I ask, walking in on you.
When you brought that weird relic from the mall home, you never would've expected that it was an ancient possession idol. When you show it to your mother, you suddenly possess her body. You are quick to explore your new body. What do you do in your mom's body now?
Alex was a nerd with no social life. He was a good person, he just had no confidence. He had no friends, and he couldn’t even talk to girls. Until one day his prayers were answered and he got a body that came with confidence. And it would make for a killer cosplay costume for comic-con (RP)
"So this is what the remote did to me! Pretty crazy, huh? I gotta be honest, these boobs feel kinda good. Anyway, I immediately rushed over to your place to see if you wanted to try out the remote too. So whaddya say? Wanna see what else you can do with it?" (RP)
Is it cheating that I shapeshifted like this to be in a comic con cosplay contest?
Apparently women these days coudn't take a compliment, so I got called into HR to see what they could do before this became a lawsuit. Deciding the most fitting punishment was for me to walk a mile in their shoes. I don't see what the problem is, I've been suckering guys into doing my job for me.
I found a super cool reality changing app. I thought it would be fun to see what the world would be like if I was a girl. As I walk out of the bathroom, I realize I left the door open a crack. Shit, I hope no one walked by while I was changing. They wouldn’t be affected by the reality change (RP)
After always catfishing as different busty women and pretending I’m some internet bimbo karma caught up to me 😅I woke up this morning to a curvy body… how am I gonna explain to my roommate?
“Fuck, look at this bitch!” I hear my girlfriend whisper in our room. Something had been off with her since she’d set up her SwapApp account and now I’d caught her taking pictures- not knowing you’d rented her. “What’s going on in here?” I say, barging in.
My brother said he wanted a new life he didn't like his old one, so when he went to swap clinic I thought he would choose another guy. I was shocked when I met him at the beach and he looked like this now but he is cute. (RP)
"I'm so bored! Can we discord call and you stream games? I just want anything to do... my flights tomorrow, I'll be at your house then, why?" The great shift threw me across the country and into this girls body, now I was booked to come stay with you... for now, I was bored.
Invadernoodles Body Swap
I was taken hostage by a opposing gang, and my father was told that if he didn’t pay the gang a million dollars in a week, something would happen to his only son. He would soon learn that his little boy, is his little girl.
“Babe something weird is happening to me!” My wife texted me from the gym. It seems someone is playing with a body part swap remote (rp open)
Trish tried calling her son at college when suddenly she found herself behind his gf as a rush of ecstasy hit her body. Apparently she called the moment the FOSE hit causing her son to think of her. His gf didn't mind though because round 2 was the best sex she ever had and hoped for more.
Bodyy Balm - Part Three
“Sorry, but can we just go back to the room? This robe isn’t helping, people still keep staring at me…” We’d booked a trip to exchange island together, but I wasn’t fully aware of what it entailed. I don’t want to ruin your fun but I just can’t get used to how exposed I feel in this body!
"Alright mom you can fuck me but make it quick this time…" Ever since I swapped bodies with my mother for the week all she wanted to do was fuck me everday. She was always horny and it was so annoying. "M-mom stop! That's the wrong hole!" (RP)
‘Seriously a girl? You didn’t tell me I would become a girl!’ I expected to become another guy at your swap party but apparently you also included cross gender swapping. ‘Who am I anyways? Some cheerleader?’ I said as I also saw your bulge growing
Finally, it finally came in the mail today! I saw a promotion about this new body suit and I had to get it. I was tired of being in the shadows and not popular. With this I’m sure I’ll be the center of attention.
"Hey there Champ. Didn't hear you get in." Jake's dad wanted to visit him at college and his gf offered up her body for a long distance swap for the weekend. But everytime he got out of the shower there's only a towel around his waste. Jake wonders why she even offered her body up in the first place
There was a study to see which sex feels more sexual pleasure. The clinic used a machine that made my cock cum in 5 seconds with only 5 spurts of cum. I didn't know they were gonna turn me INTO a female for the test! I'm glad they did, because having a continuous, ejaculating orgasm felt way better!
My pal dumped this busty blonde from the secretary pool and she quit, threatening to sue. He persuaded me to use the company autocloset to impersonate her for a work do, "just while he smoothed things over"... so why is everyone at the party congratulating me on my promotion? To his PA?!
"I dunno man, it's been months and I still feel kinda... big. You sure those diet pills are the real deal?" "Come on - would I lie to you? Anyway, you're making great progress. You couldn't even get those shorts on when we started." I frown. You're right, but they still feel pretty... snug...
“Ummmm why am I Callie and why am I dressed all cute?” Callie is my daughters best friend that is like my own daughter. I was in side watching the game when all of a sudden I wasn’t even in my backyard.
“Boobs are perky enough, and bouncy.” I love my job. I get to test out every bodysuit we sell beforehand for optimal quality. “Nipples definitely sensitive.” I have a checklist of all the fun things I get paid to do. Basically I get to get off in dozens of suits a day. “Boobs done, onto next test”
I had a huge crush on this cutie from my apartment complex. Every morning she goes jogging by the beach, showing off her incredible body. I had to have her, so I decided to send her an encrypted text, allowing me to possess her through her headphones! I think I’ll finish her jog... and maybe more?
My friend found a spell that would allow me to posses randomly one of our female college classmates. The plan was to take some photos and send them to him. Upon receiving them he would finally be able to tell who I ended as and undo the spell. However I don't know yet her wifi just broke... (rp)
Your wife has been pretty weird since last night, she come back late after a small argument with you, now she's all peachy, dressing like those girls in your magazines and setting up a romantic dinner, something was up. You heard about sightings of a ghoul, but that's just bogus, right? (RP)
in our senior year we went to a carnival and we met this hypnotist. We thought it was just some fun but after that I seemed different. 6 years later we were married and I was happily transitioned, that is until you accidentally said something that broke the hypnosis. "Bro? Why do I have tits?"
Using an autocloset for cosplay was great! I could get ripped to dress up like Ryu in a few minutes and then go back to being slim afterwards, today I got a bit greedy and decided to try out a new cosplay, April, but now the machine doesn't recognize me and won't let me change back!
My grandmother was always nagging me about why I didn’t have a girlfriend. She didn’t think I understood enough about women, so she decided to swap me into her body... but in 1964! Now I’m stuck here for who knows how long until I learn my lesson. Good thing Gran was pretty hot back in her day...
“Ummmm why am I Callie and why am I dressed all cute?” Callie is my daughters best friend that is like my own daughter. I was in side watching the game when all of a sudden I wasn’t even in my backyard. (RP)
“You can’t be serious! Again? We’re going on holiday, get out of her!” I shout angrily. A mental link between my girlfriend and her college professor meant he could assume control whenever he wanted.
“Oh my god dad!” I say blushing from embarrassment. “You really want to do that?!” I say surprised holding my newly manicured hand over my mouth. It had been two days since I woke up in Gwyneth Paltrow’s body it had been the best two days of my entire life… rp
Your gf was terrible at bjs, so in order to really teach her you two swapped so she could get a first hand experience. It's weird sucking your own dick, licking your own balls, but you know that the better you do it now, the better she'll do it later.
I can't believe this... My girlfriend is a reverse hopper. She prevents people from hopping her on accident by meditating every day. But judging from my newfound curves she forgot. I'll just have to live out the next 48 hours drinking her wine in her underwear...
Ever since my second puberty started I was stressed; I went from a regular guy to a big tittied milf before I even knew it. I decided to check out a massage parlor to unwind a bit. I've heard they've always taken a backend approach to things but I don't know what that means. (RP)
I don't know if I took the best time to possess my sister's body, but I'm sure I won't stop what she was doing before! Fuck! I have to do it more often!
"guys check it out, it's me Aaron! I don't know what happened but i woke up this morning in your mom's body dude! Haha her tits are huge, aww don't get angry, give mommy a hug"
Yesterday YOU bought a magic book that said that when you woke up you would have your deepest dream come true and you would feel all the progress, YOU tried it and YOU had the best night, YOU became a beautiful big ass woman, now YOUR going to be fucked by your big alpha bully!(me)
Ever since my brother and me swap bodies I told him the only way for us to switch back is with him swallowing his old cum I told him it takes a couple of attempts and he gets more into it each time
I play soccer in college. After we lost a match one of the people in the stands, who I presumed to be a teammate's mom, kept berating my performance. In my frustration I shouted "If you know everything so well, why don't you play instead!?" she smiled slyly in response and strangely followed me home
Today people kept calling me by the wrong name. I shrugged it off, but it was very weird. Later I got a nude picture from my annoying co-worker. I was about to report her, until I read the next message "Seems like we already swapped names, *Mary*. I wonder what I'll take from you next."
(f4A) When I wake up I feel dizzy, my body feels different... On the floor a note "during years you have lived making fun of others thinking that you were better, so now enjoy your life like this. Do your worst
Our daughter Ariel had come to visit us. We don’t see her much and when it was time for her to leave to the airport. You decided to posses her body. It was weird knowing my wife was in our daughters body. But Ariel was never gonna leave us now. You smiled at me while we ate.
My roommate has picked up a habit of spiking me with X-Change every time he gets horny and using me. At first he just thought it was funny, but I think he realized how easy it was to do. He even braided my hair this time! (RP)
Ever since my brother and me swap bodies I told him the only way for us to switch back is with him swallowing his old cum I told him it takes a couple of attempts and he gets more into it each time
“Woah… woah… relax son. I can ASSURE you this is just as weird for me. I mean your girlfriend is hot, THIS is the body I see in the mirror now. These… breasts, I can not help but look at them. Does your girlfriend ONLY have low cut shirts? Jesus!”
"See, I knew you'd like being a woman! Doesn't it feel great to have your breasts massaged?" With a little magic and a 'volunteer' it is much more pleasant to live in a shared flat.
That moment when you've possessed your favorite pornstar and you're about to record a solo session in the bathtub and you just can't help it but to stop for a second to contemplate your own body and think "Fuck! Am I really about to fuck all of this AND get to enjoy it while at it?!"
ROLEPLAY - I was the hottest, most popular guy at school and a dick to everyone, one day the principal handed me a gypsy stone and told me to change my ways. I thought it was a joke. I got home and took a shower "oh yeah like I wish I was Mrs Theaker" I joked. suddenly a bright flash....
So the FOSE got me good. That’ll teach me to goof off at work watching streams. But I’m making the best of it. I’m putting out more content than she ever did, my follower count keeps going up! It’s so nice to have a community that loves me for who I am, not to mention for other things too...
“Hey man, you here for me? You chose a good one dude I’ve had so much fun in here, what’s your plans for when you’re this?” I say, motioning to my body. I was possession salesman- finding bodies and helping my customers possess them for extortionate fees. “You got my money?”
“What is this? What did you do to me!” I exclaimed. I had checked in on my friend a quantum physics major. He hadn’t come back to the dorm all week, busy working on his project.
I feel myself laying on the ground, did I pass out? The last thing I remember I had finally caught glimpse of the witch my party was hunting. I finally had her! She must of cast a spell to knock me out.
"My son is bullying you?! Borrow my body and go tell him off!"
My gf
I was never the smartest guy growing up but when it got to my last year of university, I had picked up some tricks. During lesson I switched my tutors glasses with these magic ones, the first person she looked at she’d swap with. I made sure that I caught her attention straight away. Now we’re here…
Psych-Spikes. A cutesy name for a terrible object. Nanobots solidified into a single spike, roughly an inch long. Once inserted into someone, they reshape that persons body. They lasted one day. Unless, of course, you were a celeb in need of a replacement, and could afford the hacked version... (RP)
My friend was going on holiday. I was jealous and cast a spell to swap bodies with him I must of missed cause now I'm in his sister body right before she was about to go to the beach. Theirs a bunch of guys staring at me to (rp always wanted)
What happened? It was the first night I stayed over at my girlfriends place this morning I woke up like this..
"Um..hi mum, I was just going out" I said. My sister had some plans for the weekend but then got grounded. So she turned me into a copy of herself while I was asleep. The moment I found out I was going to drag her back but didn't realize that now I was grounded as well (rp)
I (36) got stuck in my son's body (18) now that he finally accepted our new situation, I'm free to date whoever I want. But who should ask out?
After gaining the ability to possess anybody I decided to possess my teacher to get a better grade to my surprise found out he’d been having a affair with his daughter
Of course you easily believed me when I lied to you and told you cum was the only cure for the gender curse set on you, magic was my forte You were just usually around for the ride... but eventually You’d have to figure it was a lie.
Femboy body swao
My friend has always had a thing for my mom. He’s always wanted to get close to her. It’s been years but finally he worked up the nerve to posses her body. My mom was his finally. I walked back to find you in my mothers body checking yourself out. “Mom.. what are you doing?”
I have a family curse that changes my gender at random. I wish I knew how to control it though. That way I could get out of the men’s locker room without being gawked at (RP)
I first saw modern family when I was 8 years old. While all my friends were staring at Gloria, I was watching the show wishing I was Haley. Here we are ten years later… I can’t believe I got to take over Haley’s body! After falling asleep one day I woke up in Haley’s body and I never looked back…Rp
It’s so wrong but it feels so good, looking at my old body while stroking myself. I used to be a shy girl until my professor stole my body and used it to become a popular streamer. At first I didn’t want to watch but I’m so horny it is impossible not to. Afterwards I got a text ‘Enjoyed the show?’
I trusted her. She was my BFF. I didn’t know she was going to do this. As soon as she had the chance she jumped into my body and took over. She looked at herself in the mirror enjoying the view. She finally had control of my body even after welcoming her into my home…
I knew the pretty girl I possessed at the hotel's changing room had a familiar face. Right after I opened the door I was escorted by the film crew to the location and began shooting: a mild photoset first, then two hours of hardcore sex by the beach. I just couldn't put a finger on her clit! (wink)
Ever since your second puberty your roommate has been really flirtatious. You both agreed it'd be too weird to have sex, but eventually you both found yourselves naked around each other. One thing leads to another and you keep pushing boundaries. You've been doing this to him for a couple months now
It’s so wrong but it feels so good, looking at my old body while stroking myself. I used to be a shy girl until my professor stole my body and used it to become a popular streamer. At first I didn’t want to watch but I’m so horny it is impossible not to. Afterwards I got a text ‘Enjoyed the show?’
Things I never expected to ever be true about my boyfriend, Sam: 1 - That I'd ever be taller than him, 2 - That he'd ever be a bigger bra size than me, and 3 - That I'd ever be about to hit the bar with my BFF, Samantha, to find some cute guys to flirt with!
“See dude! I told you she it was me!” The great shift had just happened and my best friend didn’t believe that I swapped with our eccentric art teacher, but I quickly proved him wrong when I sent him this video (rp)
You thought you were the luckiest guy in the world when you woke up as your family's hot maid, that is, until your own father walked in on you admiring your new body in the mirror. (RP)
The spell had worked perfectly. Now that I control my crush’s body, I can do anything I want. Who wants to help me break in my perfect new form?
[M2F4F2M] power switch, me and my girlfriend have been in a relationship in a while and I was the typical alpha dom who didn’t care about her pleasure until she had enough and slipped me a gender swap pill
Becca always wondered why her bf's favorite position was reversed cowgirl. After the couple agreed to go to the clinic and swap with each other for a week, Becca began to understand as she watched her former rear bounce on her borrowed manhood.
"Thanks for letting me borrow your jacket, um... has anyone seen me?" I ask, this swap party was fun, I was swapped with this really cute girl and having fun! But then when it came time to swap back... my body wasn't in range of the machine... and time just ran out to swap again... I'm stuck!
Oh man...I know napping on a roof was a dumb idea after that weird drink, but something feels very off...the worst I expected was a sunburn!
I was out trying to find ScareCrow. But when i went to an abandon building, he shot some type of gas into the room i was in. I covered my mouth but breathed in the air. I felt pain in my body as i push the middle of my belt to call for help. You heard the call on your gps. (Dm to continue)
Witness protection had two bodies available. My partner would be swapped into a body ‘young and curvy’ while I would receive a body ‘strong and hung like a horse’. They were very literal in their descriptions.
“Where… am I?” It was a great disorientation waking up, my head feeling light as my chest felt like something was sitting on it. Pushing myself onto my two small feet, feeling small and unsafe in this foreign place, I finally caught a glimpse of my self in the mirror. “Who am… I?”
“No boss I’m not doing this anymore I have a wife that needs my help but not like this-“ BOOM, a nuke was set off every building was destroyed and I got knocked out by a hit to the head, slowly I opened my eyes “ugh where am I” I see a woman in a coat by me “h- hello who are you?”
Finally i have the power to swap peapole around at my liking! If you come up with a good reason i can swap you with any of these gals! (Rp)
My mother was a fantastic baker, but I never really caught on. Lately she’s been talking about how much she would’ve loved a daughter to teach how to bake delicious treats. “Mom, this cupcake tastes a little different... what’s in it?”
It was no secret I had a thing for bodysuits, I always joked about getting one and bringing it to school, but then i opened my locker and found one of my favorite singer all wrapped up with a bow, I slipped it on and it felt so real, wait, how do I take it off?! Why does it feel so real!?
My girlfriend and I thought it was a good idea to swap bodies to see things from the other viewpoint. Little did she know that she would be attracted to her own boobs. I decided to let her see how the other half lives or at least has sex.
Fed up with my life, I decided to spend the rest of my money on a body swap spell to swap me and my neighbour, who made thousands from her OnlyFans career. As soon as we swapped, I begged her boyfriend to cum in me in order to cum lock me in her body forever. Looks like it worked!
"I was drunk i dont even rember agreeing to this. Its not my fault this happened" i explained. I was at a party with you and your step sister and when i got blackout drunk she asked if we could swap bodies which i drunkenly agreed to and now shes ran off with my body leaving me trapped in hers(Rp)
My grandparents were probably the luckiest people alive after the great shift took them from their over 70 year old former bodies and into the bodies of two hot 20 year old goth lesbians, and I was pretty lucky two as I hadn’t shifted and they just invited me over to “talk”.
With a great stretch, you awaken. You feel groggy, you don't remember last night, just a weird dream. Your chest feels heavy but you don't think anything of it. With a sigh you get up to start your day, but when you do you realize you don't recognize the room...and then you look down.
When I turned 18, dad said: "Son with great possession powers, comes great responsibility. We ought not use our ability for personal gain." Not only I accidentally hopped into renown adult star Peta Jensen while jerking off to old porn, I somehow traveled back in time and jumpstarted her career!
I was failing all my classes my only option was to do a year of swap class to pass. I thought I would be put into another guy but they put me in the body of this girl. Worse part is I can't tell anyone who I really am or I'll fail this year (rp wanted)
My girlfriend had always wanted to have a twin sister. And who could blame her... she was incredibly hot. Double the fun, right? So I decided to surprise her by suiting up as her “twin!” Turns out my girl has some crazy fantasies about her new “sister...”
Roleplay - I was a dick to my wife and friends and my staff, especially my kids. one night me and my wife were in a restaurant arguing and a witch cursed me, the next morning I woke up as an 18 year old girl, I need to change my ways to turn back into my successful self
"The guide says, when getting into body flipping, it's important to talk it through with family- doubly so with sons. So I think its best if we're open and honest about the awkwardness of me being your age and the opposite sex. I want to let you know any physical feelings are totally natural, okay?"
I didn’t think too much of the paint stains from my renovations. They’d probably come off in the shower. But then I noticed my body start to change... then I learned about the factory recall. It turns out this batch was tinged with toxic levels of X-change! Now I’m stuck like this!
Mel was enjoying the oral her bf was giving her when suddenly she found herself between a pair of legs and her mouth pressed against a pair of velvet lips. She was shocked as she looked up to see her own face equally as shocked stare back at her.Although she discovered it wasn't her bf in her body.
It looks like a mistake was made, I took an X change and hit up a club, just wanting a night away from the wife where I could feel desirable and get some free drinks, I must have had too much because I don't remember anything! And is this my son's house? Why am I here and naked?
A highly contagious flu was spreading through my town, but I didn’t give a crap about any flu or sickness, so I went on with my life and played some games until I felt someone rubbing against my back “Hey what the hell” it was a girl, and I felt my ass growing, she was infected and it spread to me
My wife got very sick, it is very unfortunate because I have a very important meeting with my boss and he asked me to bring her along. I was desperate so I had to transform my son with my new transformation device. He isn't super excited but I'm sure he'll get over it. (RP)
It had been so much fun teasing my friends after going to the Swap Clinic, so I decided to do it on the internet as a hobby! Now if only I could get my roommates to stop barging into my room!
About 10 years ago 5% of people got a power on their 18th birthday. I couldn’t wait for mine after some of my friends got some and I did get one! But all it allows me to do is turn into a girl. I should be grateful for it but still. Now I need to figure how it works before my friends arrive. (RP)
last night I got in a hugh fight with my step sis and she said she wished I could be in her shoe I thought nothing of it but when I woke up I looked like this
You always wanted to be a girl and and when it did happen you enjoyed every single moment of it. You were walking down the halls, you felt the eyes of every boy on you and you liked it. Now you are texting every boy from school you are begging them to come over and do something more.
I was surprised that Hayley had signed up for swap class. She was the popular cheerleader who seemed to be excelling at everything. Anyway I’m now her for the semester and she’s now in the body of a nerdy guy. It’ll be a lot for us both to get used to I’m sure.. (RP)
I am such a submissive little slut that my biggest kink is letting my BF possess me. I absolutely adore surrendering my body as he so wantonly masturbate us to orgasm. Just being aware of how much he enjoys indulging in the pleasure my body has to offer, makes me so horny that our orgasms are just ✨
Finally, it finally came in the mail today! I saw a promotion about this new body suit and I had to get it. I was tired of being in the shadows and not popular. With this I’m sure I’ll be the center of attention.
A year after our firstborn, my wife was experiencing a lot of dysphoria. I suggested we'd swap so she had a different POV, but she liked it so much she didn't want to go back. Being in her lovely mommy body, I decided to augment my 5'1" frame to F cups and now I support us as a prolific camgirl.
“It’s tight in this one, isn’t it?” I say in our stolen voice. We were spirits who’d died in the same house but whenever someone came to view the house, we’d possess them and have some fun.
It’s so wrong but it feels so good. Looking at my old body while stroking myself. I used to be a shy girl until my professor stole my body and used it to become a popular streamer. At first I didn’t want to watch but I’m so horny it is impossible not to. Afterwards I got a text ‘Enjoyed the show?’
Bodyy Balm - Part Two
It’s been a few days since half of the population was affected by the great shift, I ended up getting the body of my best friends girlfriend. What’s even worse is that when we swapped she decided to run off with mine. It made me feel terrible. I’m gonna stick around just for him. Its what friends do
"Only nineteen years on the clock. One previous owner. Fit. Perfect complexion. Decent chassis up front - bit worried the trunk is unwieldy. Thoughts? Be ruthless." After trading up bodies for years, always looking for good deals, I like to get my son's honest review with the latest vessels
When I found out I was swapped at birth I was really worried, but in the end? It wasn't all that bad. She asked for the swap, and being back in 'real body', started off as bad... but now I've got a style! I know exactly what I'm doing like this, "See you guys at the skatepark?"
I was invited to a strange party. Apparently it was a lottery and a guy and a girl would each take an x-change pill and fuck in front of everyone. My heart sank when my number came up and now I’m some chick getting fucked in front of everyone! At least it’s reversible.. right? (RP)
You were just a slime created from an experiment gone wrong. Now, you are travelling across the globe, possessing people to feel what it was like to be human, and you have become addicted to having sex! In front of you is your next host, and you can tell you'll enjoy having sex as her...
Finally, it finally came in the mail today! I saw a promotion about this new body suit and I had to get it. I was tired of being in the shadows and not popular. With this I’m sure I’ll be the center of attention.
When my son's college-level Swap Class was asking for volunteers, I thought it meant they were going to do parent-child swaps again this semester. Turns it was randomized. I ended up in Lindsey's body here while my son landed in one of the other parent bodies...
The hardest part about body flipping is how attached family get to each asset, like they're their own person, especially if I spend long periods of time in them, even naming them. My wife hates to see her 'adopted daughter' go to the swap clinic. She's sad they'll shave my head to fit the electrodes
‘No this suit totally keeps me warm. Here I’ll show you’ I said as I stripped down. I joined your family skiing trip in a suit of your sister because she preferred to go to some warm beach instead of the cold mountains. Only I didn’t know l the cold would make the zipper malfunction making me stuck!
GMing a prompt where you wake up as someone else
Just because I was swapped with a guy doesn’t mean I can’t wear sexy underwear and use my toys…
It was a convoluted assassination plot, some disposable separatist was supposed to switch bodies with padme and use her to turn the tide of the war, but luckily Anakin got in the way, leaving him in her body but stopping the plan, now he just needs obi-Wan to help him get his body back!
After being told I only had a short time left to live I asked my best friend for a favour. I asked her if she would let me borrow her body for a few days to experience life again before dying. Then day 2 of the possession and we found my body died. Now I'm stuck in my best friends body with her.
When I tried the possession spell and it worked, I knew there was no time to waste... who knows how long I'd be able to stay in this body? I found the closest thing I could use to play with myself and got to work!
You make me possess your crush and I send your the photo you asked for. “Ummmm I think her room mate just got back home change me back!!” I wait on a response and get nothing “Dude hurry!! I’m about to be caught naked!!” (RP)
My cousin was bragging about how much money she was making as a stripper. Up until now I’d only used my suits for fun, but I was desperate for cash. It’s my first night performing and I’m FREAKING out! What if someone sees my zipper?
29 M4M Femboy Shapeshifter
“Dude, I can’t keep picking you up when you do this- you can’t possess every single girl you see when you’re bored” I say, I’d been picking you up in a new body every couple of days since you’d taken that drug which activated your suppressed possession gene.
Would any one like to take my sissy body for a spin
Just got swapped into the girls body… she must be hot as I keep catching people looking at me….
I had found some playboy bunny ears I put them on as a joke but they must of been cursed as they slowly turned me into this (rp wanted)
My girlfriend was a minor internet celebrity, a recent publicity stunt of hers was to auction out a week’s holiday IN her body. The highest bidder would be forcefully hopped into her body- today was the first day of the holiday and time to find out who I’d be spending my week with.
Rp partner wanted
When buying and selling bodies for profit, it's important to make them your latest vessel look its best before courting a potential buyer, especially when selling to men. Sexy underwear, oil, whatever it takes to boost your profits. It's humiliating but hey, it's business
Hot Redhead pleasuring herself and squirting with her leggings on
"Ha ha," Mike said, unamused. He swapped into his sister's body to take her finals for her and now she was treating him like her personal doll; taking him to the mall and making him try on new clothes to see how they fit. "Can we go now? It's weird being this short."
POV: “You lost a bet and I am now teasing you from your own body, texting you some selfies as we speak” (RP/DM)
well hello master it seems you have found my lamp and freed me. so as reward i grant you a wish but be carefull i might have a bit of fun
My friend has hopping powers, I don't usually ask him for many favors but when Ms. Rogers gave me an F in math I knew I had to do something. I asked him to hop her and change my grade. He said he would but she seemed normal during class maybe I'll talk to her after class to see if its him. (RP)
Sometimes my girlfriend gets panic attacks and when they happen just before she's about to go out so to cope uses her power to swaps with me so she doesn't have to cancel her plans. So that's why I'm now taking a photo between her two best friends before we go to a club (DM to RP)
It's been 2 months since New Years eve when my daughter's friend Gabby and I "accidentally" swapped bodies. I've used every excuse I can to not help figure out how to get us back. I landed her an amazing job after college and have been getting into shape. What other excuses can I use?
I'm giving this body to anyone who wants it. Just let me know and you can have it!
Choke, Grope, and Finger...The Trifecta!
Walking onto the college campus like this was awkward. When the FOSE hit, it hadn't been ME that caused the swap. My daughter's friend had a thing for DILFs, as she said, and caused it. Only thing is, she threatened to tell everyone I had done it if I told anyone about the swap...
Through moans ive been calling for help. First i was at home playing on my pc when suddenly i opened my eyes to a gushing pleasure and a realization of my new gender. But i couldn't move. I hope someone gets here quick it feels like an hour has passed.
"Let me guess Eric. Not wearing a bra again." Eric looked away with a smirked. He hated wearing his gf's bra especially since he knew her breasts were perky enough that he didn't need one. But he secretly enjoyed seeing his nipples poke through the material and the way they felt.
I was always big in to magic, when I came across a book that could said I could posses anyone, I had to try it, I did the incantation and when I blinked, the room was suddenly different, I had a towel round me and I had to see my new female body, I love all my new curves , cant wait to try sex.
When the prank cake, i was making for my friend, made of x change batter exploded on me i didnt mind that much. But i will have to get creative. Might have to get a "stripper" for the party.
Me and my sister were fighting outside the autoclosets and my dad got annoyed and threw us in them. He threw us in the wrong ones and our bodies started changing. When it was done my sister ran out laughing. God I need to get these gross clothes off before someone sees. (RP)
It's Wednesday and you know what that means: it's time to possess granny, but it's not what you think! My mom's family makes every male of age possess the eldest female once a week, so he gets to experience the nuances of womanhood. G-ma mostly tells me what to do, but it's so odd when we get horny!
VR had come a long way in such a short time, you were now able to stream your consciousness into a volunteer body who’d had a chip implanted. However, you, my best friend had assumed a new identity and refused to leave- insisting we call you ‘Kat’.
"You can't be serious" I whisper to myself. I was the victim of the FOSE, but not the type we all know about. Instead of swapping with the person you think about the last two people you thought about during an orgasm swap! Looks like my bisexual girlfriend has a thing for cute redheads...
I was on vacation with my friend and we made fun of this strangely dressed woman. Turns out she was a witch. She turned us into women. She said if we wanted to get changed back, we had to sit on a bench like this and obey the commands of anyone who walked by (RP)
Nothing Fit! How could your cousin Jess have nothing that fits. It was bad enough you woke up in her body and was woken up by her husband kissing you. And the way your body jiggled. How tight and alien it felt. And you cant find anything to wear! Can you find anything?!
(F4A) (Discord) Body Swap Rp
Looking for a possession rp partner
It was a possession for hire service. You pay someone to posses anyone you desire. I’m this case I paid someone to posses my mother so I can get a new Ps5. But little did I know that this company likes to scam people and take their bodies and make it company property and being able to Sell it.
I couldn't let my parents find out about my grades at the parents teachers meeting tonight so I bought a possession vial which I planned to drink right before it. However it broke in my pocket as I was catching the bus and suddenly I was in the school already "Shit, and it is only morning! (rp)
"Hey, how do I look?" I ask my date bashfully as I glance down at myself. I was meeting this cute girl for a first date today, but the morning before she asked me if we could try something different. I agreed and soon after I was looking at her in the mirror!
We had both wanted out of our lives so we agreed to permanently swap bodies with a stranger. Now we're messaging each other the morning we swapped informing each other of the new lives we’re in. (chat/DM)
My girlfriend and I found these bracelets, she thought It’d be cute if we wore them as like a couple thing. Turns out they were cursed and they transformed our bodies into each other’s. It was a very painful process but I’m not complaining, I’m just gonna enjoy the rest of my shower time alone.
After gaining the ability to possess anybody I decided to possess my teacher to get a better grade to my surprise found out he’d been having a affair with his daughter
My bully found out that I like to use swap magic from time to time. He said that I had to be his otherwise he’d make my secret known. Funny thing is that he thinks it was all his idea.
I’m so glad we made the transition at the clinic. It’s crazy we were actually thinking about getting the face surgery, implants, and butt shots *giggles.* I’m so excited to start taking cock with you, and can’t wait to see that new ass of yours in action *cups your booty in my palm and squeezes*
My dad is a scientist, and a pretty good one at that. Somehow he always manages to rope me into his experiments. This time his experiment involved swapping me with our neighbor while also swapping traits from his loyal pet dog into my borrowed body. He wouldn't say what all he swapped, either...
Ok pick a girl dude and I'll possess them so you can learn how to talk to girls. We were at a party but were lossers who didn't know how to talk to girls so I agreed to possess one to help you out (rp wanted)
Anyone want my girls nudes em me for trade
A month ago, i went through my rare second puberty. I’m now at my work doing my job until you come in. You didn’t know i had my second puberty, i faked moving away so this new life would be easy. “What can i get you?” I asked as you got ready to order. I could tell, you’re already crushing on me (rp
Tight leather
Who the fuck has my body?! I (1st pick) was online shopping in my underwear, then suddenly popped and turned into a fat man (2nd pick)my new balls are getting suffocated in this lingerie.RP
Our family driver had been with us for generations, he’d got old and frail but our family fortune has covered for your transference into a new, younger body but he still continued to drive for us.
Nicole had no idea she had booked a vacation to an exchange island. As soon as she stepped out of the plane she saw she was in the body of a male. Later that day she went out to the beach wondering around until she finally saw her body in a laced bikini. Whoever was in there was no afraid to expose
‘No this suits totally keeps me warm. Here I’ll show you’ I said as I stripped down. I joined your family skiing trip in a suit of your sister because she preferred to go to some warm beach instead of the cold mountains. Only I didn’t know l the cold would make the zipper malfunction making me stuck
Ever since the great shift I swapped with my hot milf neighbor and my mother swapped with her co-worker's son. Now every morning I have to deal with her morning wood and it's been annoying but I would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it at least a little bit. (RP)
When I swapped bodies with my best friend I didn’t know he had this relationship with his little sister I was so confused the first time she asked me to fuck her in my friends body well she didn’t know it was me
When my wife wanted to see things from her perspective, I didn't realise that this is what she meant, although I cant complain as the pleasure is so much better without my cock
Turns out X-Change was stronger than I thought, one pill and this alpha male can't even tell I'm a guy I look exactly like a chick. That's why I'm letting him just use my mouth, I'm afraid to think what this man could do to my other holes...
What does a CEO do when your employees won’t take you seriously and the company is about to tank? Trick the neighbor dude to water her plants, spike his drink, steal his bod, and bet against yourself with some insider trading, duh. Looking over the spell I whisper “this is permanent…”
outdoor bar romp
(M4F RP) The small swap got you good. You've been placed into a girl with no limbs at the topless beach. At least you look good right?
I’m the type of loser to not have any friends or go outside. I spend my nights hating on bimbo girls on Instagram. One night after trolling I go to bed and wake up feeling funny. Karma is a bitch.
She just hops on
me and my girlfriend were driving cross country when we stopped in a small country town to get gas. as we were filling up a couple of, we'll tramps came over and started bothering us asking if we'd like to go to their place as we left and as we started driving I didn't notice my hair turning pink(rp
‘Wait… are you for real? You don’t want THIS body back? I can keep it?’ I looked at you with wide eyes. We met here at the resort and apparently you were done with strict diets and being stared at 24/7. You only had one request, before we would part you wanted to spend one evening with your old body
“And here we have Daniel or rather Danny now. See “Danny” used to be a brother in the frat but after two late payments, we thought he could make his payments in a different way. Don’t worry we’ll change him back once we figure out a load to dollar ratio” (chat)
When I got a surgery to become my sister's clone, you, my best friend, were curious what I looked like. I sent you this photo with the caption "Wanna come over and hang out?". (Dm for rp)
You are judged not to be alpha enough to be male, so enjoy your new female body.
Kanye had been trying to get Kim back by his side. He became obsessive. Until he finally had his current girlfriend swap bodies with Kim. Finally Kanye had Kim by his side. While Kim was in the body of his current gf. Kanye had his arm wrapped around Kim once again.
When the great shift happened, I was out to dinner with my family at a nice seafood restaurant. I was about to order my food when I found myself in a completely different country in some girl’s body. I have to get back and check on my family but I don’t know how (RP)
When mom decided she was a lesbian, she deliberately made dad's new body as highly sexed as possible to ease him into his new role of her female lover. A few weeks later, she decided she wasnt quite as lesbian as she first thought, leaving poor dad practically in heat with nothing to satisfy him
When me and my sister got back from college, we were both unlucky enough to be the victim of stalkers. Some girl was obsessed with me, and a guy obsessed with her. Somehow they both worked together and used a spell to possess us both! Now they’re doing this in our bodies! Help! This is disgusting!
I worked at a car dealership and my coworker always said the customers never took her seriously . I didn't believe her but agreed to swap bodies for 24h to see for myself and after only few hours I already understood. "Hey boss what did you just say about a gala event?" (rp)
After the Shift,Adam was the only adult in his family as he shifted into his mom's body.He had to get a job to help support them.Luckily he knew how to serve and got a job that showed off his assets for extra tips. Although he hasn't told his parents how he earns most of his money on Friday nights.
"Hey do you want to swap~?" I ask the old pervert at the park, lifting my top over my head for him to see (RP/DM)
Daisys Dairy Jugs
I love watching my girl suck her boyfriend off in the car! [F] MILF
When mom decided she was a lesbian, she intentionally made dad's new body rather oversexed to help ease him into his new role as her female lover. A few weeks later, she decided she wasn't quite as lesbian as she originally thought, leaving poor dad practically in heat, with nothing to satisfy him
"I knew you would like me over her." Holly and her gay BFF Sam agreed to swap for a month. Holly's bf Dave wasn't excited about the idea, but changed his mind after Sam gave him the best bj of his life. Now the two have multiple daily sexual encounters and were even plotting to make it permanent.
Tyler pulled out Emily's phone and began live streaming. He used a spell to get revenge on his math teacher by possessing his bratty sister's body. Now his teacher was fired and Emily was known as a slut. Two birds one stone.
Woke up a woman again, this is starting to get a little too frequent for my taste. Something that started a few months ago, at first I really quite enjoyed it, as a sort of a break from the mundane. But now I was afraid it might just stick around...
I thought I was a genius for finding this loophole in the body-mod law: none of that consent stuff applied if the subject was my own clone! I could remember excitedly designing my perfect slut... and then I awoke. Looking up into my own grinning face... looking like THIS. Uh-oh.
I had a normal procedure done recently and was recovering in the hospital, but little did I know… I fell into a coma, when I woke up, the whole world was replaced with pornstars! My doctor came into my room naked and wouldn’t stop giggling and acting odd. What happened? What do I do? (RP)
This youtuber my son watches refused to set up a video call with him for his birthday so I possessed her and am doing it myself “hi so- I mean Sam”
Me and my family moved out of our small town and into a bigger nicer home. While exploring the woods in the backyard I discovered an alien crash landed there. It asked if it could take over my body in order to survive but I offered it my sisters body. I think he likes it a lot more than mine.
Would you populate Mars with me?
We were chilling in the hottib at our local pool when i started feeling weak. You grabbed your phone and checked the web. Turned out i had a rare case of second puberty that turned me into a girl right there on the spot. You grabbed a random bikini and now were here... and i’m a girl...” (RP)
(M4F RP) You paid to be swapped into a clone of Emma Watson. You decided to get the cheapest package and now because of it you don't have arms or legs.
Con WAS going well.On vacation and chatting this cosplayer up at the bar. She seemed interested in me and my job. She bought me a drink then went to the bathroom. After 1 sip, I felt dizzy and fell onto a sink? I saw this girl in the mirror and my body gone. I’m currently trying to get into my hotel
[f2m4m2f] a milf/gilf steals your body and wants to cum lock inside
I stood quietly as my parents argued. Today was suppose to be my first day of college and I was gonna hang out with my best friend.Turns out my dad was having an affair. She didn’t take to kindly to it and swapped with me as a way to get back at him. Now my parents are fighting about what to do (rp)
‘What do you mean you lost my original body?‘ I said while panicking. ‘You promised me it was save and I could return to being a guy!’. All because you needed a fake gf for your family camping trip. I’m starting to believe you planned from the start on losing my original body
When my friend's sister stole my body I was angry and just wanted my body back. But after some time I've grown to love my new body and I love the attention I get now, maybe this isn't so bad. Rp
Looking for a girl to take my body
Geohoppr, the sequel to geoguessr, drops users into a random body somewhere in the world. The challenge is to successfully determine your location to shift back. After a week, all I know is nobody speaks any language I recognise, it's hot, it's an island, and the next ferry is in four months...
I was dumb for picking ‘clinic’s choice’ at the swap clinic. I should have specified that I wanted to stay male. When I emerged from the swap chamber, I felt my long brunette hair and prayed I was a rock star. That was quickly proven false when I felt my chest jiggle and my hairless legs (RP)
After I (18) got stuck in my divorced dad's body (36) it took me a month to accept my situation. Now I'm finally ready to dive into my new dating pool. But who should I go for?
Nice tits
How could daddy… I mean… David do this to me? He was my best friend, and know he’s turned me into a mindless doll that will do anything… anything he asks for because he treats me like a princess! (Rp)
Oh my gosh! I hope no one saw
Me and my buddy went to exchange island. We ended up swapping with two twin sisters. This situation is going to be quite a head scratcher, as you can tell! (RP)
I'd opted to do a year studying abroad for university, but the day I touched down some random person injected me with something before the police caught him. I was hardly able to stay conscious before reaching the place I'd be staying. When I got there I just passed out, before waking up, as a girl
My Stepmom's A Fuck Up
After Tristan was caught in the Gender Bomb, he was feeling pretty self-conscious. I decided to take him out, dress him up and go clubbing. In hindsight, it might've been a mistake; his boobs were larger than mine, and now he was hogging the attention of all the guys!
We always smoked weed every weekend together. You told me you found something that would really hit. I took a few hit of the bong and slowly started to change. After I was done, I realized what you did. “Dude what the hell? I feel the same but I changed! What is this you gave me?”
this cute girl walk by and whispered to me "You well see your true self soon enough." And walked away. When i got home and entered my room everything was girly. I ran to the mirror in the corner and found my true self.
People asked why I kept my low job as a hotel bellman. The reason was simple, it was an easy way to find my targets to posses. Taking the hottest, richest or sexiest bodies when they were on a holiday was better than busting my ass working for a vacation myself. Now what am I gonna do with this one?
The Perfection Wave - Part One
Merry Christmas
Who would have thought that a magic wand would actually store magic in it?! I got it from some gypsy lady at a flea market and jokingly waved it around, mumbling to turn me into a hot nerdy girl.. GUYS, WHAT NOW?! (and what would be your wishes?)
"Oh shit, this isn't what I meant...," I gasped as I found myself in a familiar body. I just wished I could be at the resort my dad and step-mom were at... I didn't expect it to actually happen! More so with me suddenly in my step-mom's body!
Busty Ema makes me goooon
My roommate and I were riding in the Elevator together when another girl stepped in shes gorgeous. Our electricity in our building has been bad recently and the lights flickered and when they turned back on the girl and my roommate changed places and they are both acting like each other. (RP)
I was a parasite, but I was much smarter than most other leeches of my kind. So when I somehow I ended up in this girls house, I quickly attached to her brain stem and took control of her nervous system. Now I’m a human, and I’m having fun! She’s still aware in her head, but what do I care!?
My GF's mom has always been such a flirt. So much so that we've been swapping every Tuesday. I usually enjoy her ridiculous MILF shape by dressing cute, oiling up and having fun in the shower; while my GF says I most mostly want her to suck me at her parents. Sometimes Mr. Blake make a mess of me!
INKED. More to cum; filling in booty 05/2022 // who’s ready to see some Demon Slayer INK??
My sister will probably be very angry when she finds out what I did with her body by watching this video, but a good friend knows what it takes to cheer up their friends when they are really sad about something... right?
One day this rich girl came up to me and said she loved my body and asked how much. After a bit of talking I found out she wanted to become a pro athlete and wanted my body to do it. 4 years later we're engaged and I'm expecting. Definitely enjoying my life way more now compared to then.
"So what are we going to do..? I mean that artifect is gone, we are stuck as women now! So what now? Huh!" We both hunt for ancient artifacts as a career, now we are nobody, we fount some gem that changed our entire bodies, our nationalities. "So.. what do we call eachother now?" (RP)
“Dude, They won’t even let me drive myself. They’re afraid she might get hurt but I’ll be back soon”. The past week has been hell for you. Ever since half the population got hit by the great shift you got put in a popstars body. She even hires drivers for you in fear of damaging the body.
There is a secret spring in my village unknown to outsiders that lets you swap genders if you drink from. It’s a bit of a secret but everyone in my village usually swaps a couple times. So now I’m back as a woman. Last time I stayed in the village now I’m in the big city. AMA.
[F4M] "Hey! I gave you this body so you could do my maths test for me! Not so you could take all these pics and send then to your phone!"
You were a burglar that went in the wrong house at the wrong time. When you entered the bedroom, you were suddenly transformed, changed your outfit into nothing but a robe in front of me, who was pretty much eager to try out my new book of spells. (RP)
Bodyy Balm - Part One
This magic allowed me to freely remove someone's cock and turn them into hot chicks--and risk free too. All I need is to reinsert the cock back in its rightful place, then you turn back into a dude! This is, you could still feel your cock hardenining and cumming even after removing it~ (RP)
Looking for a new aunt
My girlfriend was always more interested in girls, but loved my personality. So when her birthday came around, I decided treat her to something special. This suit is fantastic, and she loves to cuddle with her new “girlfriend” all the time!
I woke up, surprised by my morning wood- I forgot my boyfriend and I had swapped bodies yesterday. I looked around, my body wasn’t in bed…. I checked his (now my) phone, and opened this snap from his best friend…
My neighbors went on a second honeymoon and told me to make sure their daughter didn’t have any big parties. I figured I’d take the opportunity and possess their daughter (left) and invite all her friends (RP)
you had spent years working on your craft. you didnt have much of a life past work. but it was all worth it once your machine was done! you had created a swapper, where you could be ANYONE in the world with just a strand of hair. you knew your first target, and are bringing a friend with you RP
“Woah!!! It worked?” I say to my friend as we go into the girls locker room and are transformed into girls (RP)
Too big or just right? Sluttivenus
"What do we do now?" I asked anxiously. You had created nano technolgy that was supposed to be able to do surgeries internally and i was your test subject but one of your ex employees with a grudge decided to re-program them so they turned me into a girl so you lab would get shut down as revenge(Rp)
Disney Princess Rp! Entirely sfw and over 18! I'm looking to make a discord group where we transform into a Disney princess of our choice. We do things like slumber parties and chill in a palace as a hub world.We could also do adventures in the different movie universes.100% slice of life.DM me!irtr
I was walking down the street when the Great Shift hit. I immediately noticed the difference and needed to check out my knew body. It felt a lot different than my old body but I knew I would adjust.
Hot Sex With Incredible Ebony Shemale
Being rich wasn’t all it was cracked up to be, that was until I’d invented a possession gun, using it on you, a young intern to put you in new bodies to accompany me to business events. “I hope you like your new body” I chirp as you got into the cab.
It has been a week after my second puberty. I didn’t want to get any new clothes so i just wore my old ones. Having a tomboy style. I was meeting you at the mall since you wanted to go. I stand by the entrance. Waiting shyly not used to my new body yet. (Rp
I’m taking part in an experiment which would have me live as a the other gender! It’s pretty exciting plus I’m getting paid! Here’s a picture of me for the next 30 days! Looks like someone’s here to pick me up! (RP)
I thought I’d go out back to tan. Once I put my tanning lotion on I felt my frame grow shorter, my chest grow heavier and my ass get bigger. I stole my sisters bikini and I’m about to go flaunt my new body around town [RP]
Don't stop!
Love getting myself off at break to show yall [F]
“Mom what happened to me” I run out my room in a new body that bears a weight on my chest “oh honey don’t you remember, it’s march, so I decided to turn you into a mom” confused “what does that have to do with me I don’t wanna be a mom” argueing as she responds “oh shut up and go get some groceries”
"I'm telling you I don't know how I'm going to get out of these pants, I told you I shouldn't put on your pants before transforming. why am I so fat I thought I was supposed to become my ideal woman, why didn't I turn into you babe?" I said unable to stop tiktok dancing for some reason(rp)
This girl I went to school with made a deal with me when we were kids, no matter what we looked like as adults we have to switch places as soon as we’re old enough. She hated her life, but so far I’m loving it.
My Sister and I are very competitive. She bet that I couldn't last a day as a girl on their period. I took that bet, and she swapped us. A few hours in I'm feeling great. (RP Open)
I was walking around the mall on a usual shopping trip when I heard someone behind me say, “Nice ass, don’t mind if I do.” I was infuriated but before I could turn around, a cool shiver came over me! My body began to move against my will, it went to the bathroom and did this! What’s happening?
My friend and I were quite successful on TikTok for a while, but our channel was declining. Desperate for more content, he tells me to meet him at his place, he has an idea. Turns out his great idea involved forcing an X-Change pill into my mouth and holding my nose and mouth until I swallow it (RP)
Cute Redhead wants it
Your crush had rejected you, it made you really sad but then the next morning you woke up to find you were in her body! she was so mad but you loved showing off your new tits to her friends! (RP)
Hi Anyone know his insta or something? pls
I was mocking a friend over discord until she got completely fed up. I made one too many jokes about “gamer girls”, and somehow she made me into one. Now I’m a chick who acts exactly how “real gamers” tell me. I send you a message over discord asking for your help. (RP)
I was in debt to the mob and had no way of paying it back. So I had to go into hiding. Luckily a friend of mine revealed she was actually a guy who used a magic necklace to become a woman. She gave it to me and now I can hide in plain sight. AMA
Never imagined my wedding day being anything like this, but since wishing Brandon would find his soulmate... here I am. My girlfriend turned BFF and maid of honor Chloe wanted this picture of the "virgin bride" and somehow I'm both nervous and excited to be becoming Mrs. Brandon Roberts tomorrow!
"Hiya! Swap clinic all done, I'll be home soon babe!" I went to the swap clinic to get a new body... I just really hoped none of my room mates mind..."I paid good money and a lot of mental traits for this body. You guys better be respectful." The biggest trait I gave away was Iq...
Swapping with my son in law was great! Having a penis and bending my daughter over whenever was amazing. It was so fun but little did I know that my husband had also swapped with our daughter, meaning I was fucking my husband! God, now I know why he loves having sex so much! (Rp wanted)
Having Stacey steal my body was bad enough, even temporarily, but the added magic that prevented me from telling anyone was insult to injury. I went from quarterback to library nerd... but she didn't think it through, the magic just stopped me from telling people. I could still ruin her reputation!
Rose was my GF’s weirdo sister. She kept asking me questions about my job. I thought she had a crush. We had a party on our last day home. Apparently, she never dresses up. I asked if she was ok. “Yup, just wanted some extra attention tonight. Cheers” She handed me a glass of red,but I tasted mimosa
After I transformed you into a girl for bullying me I made it so you were obsessed with my dick and wanted me so bad but didn’t know why
Ever since my brother and me swap bodies I told him the only way for us to switch back is with him swallowing his old cum I told him it takes a couple of attempts and he gets more into it each time
I decided that I wanted to go for a swim. When I landed in the water I felt a strange sensation. I lifted myself out of the water and my body felt heavier in some places especially my chest. I had become a woman. All I could do was smile because I knew I was going to have fun with my new body.
I had made a comment at a party one night that all black girls were poor sluts who couldn't get a good job. apparently a black witch heard me and decided to teach me a lesson by swapping my life with that of a poor black sluts. now I have to find a good job to get my life back.(rp)
These panties are so soft
After days and hours as playing as loba on Apex Legends I’ve started feeling funny playing as her. I’ve been remembering all her in game lines and her perfect curvy body doesn’t get me hard anymore. The next day I woke up in this body “oh shit!”
I was getting a new tattoo once the tattoo was done my body started to slowly change apparently I chose a old symbol that would change your gender. (Rp always wanted)
No panties under my skirt ;)
"I told you not to touch that weird remote, we don't know what it doe....ahhhhh...what have you done to me?what do you mean it's an accident?! I'm a fucking man!!!" roleplay
Your mom had to rent out her body for a week in order to pay rent. I, your best friend James, happily payed the money to rent her out. I just took a shower as her, and no one knows yet, I walk into your room with just a towel around my hair on "Hey mike, guess what!" (Dm 2 Rp)
Perfect
it’s been a few days since you’ve taken over amanda’s body. you were once a filthy old man, but now you were a princess! nobody suspected a thing, except the old amanda who hasn’t stopped harassing you! you’re thinking about calling someone to stop it, but you kinda like the attention…RP
When you told me that your family reunion was lame, I said I wished I could help. Next thing I knew, long blonde hair fell in my face as I was in your cousin’s body. (RP)
I was my fathers daughter, we did everything together he taught me to play sports and I basically got to athlete level, my biggest issue was my mothers genetics so I might need to borrow something from you in order to make my pops proud and give him the son he desired so much
I had done it: I exchanged the lives of Sabrina (left) and Char (right) with that of their swimsuits, and, of course, they resisted, but, the new "ladies" nonetheless smiled. And now all that was left was how exactly to have fun with "them"...
Swap-Mates - Part One
[M4F] body swap rp
My owners family gave me to their bitchy daughter as a birthday present, they didn't know I owned a possessio/bodyswap tool, passed down through my family since pagan times. Now I'm going tk get my revenge and treat her like she has treated me! (Longterm RP)
"Why would you have wished we could go to the Pi Phi formal tonight?" Christina asked Gabriella. "We're Pi Phi sisters. We're automatically invited." Natalie shrugged. "Come on, ladies," she said. "It's not like magic is real. Our dates are obviously just kidding around with that 'magic lamp.'"
My daughter was down in Florida on spring break, I saw the amount of money she was spending so i had no choice, I put a hold on her cards. I had no idea she could swap bodies, now I'm stuck in her body in her hotel room. "Sweetheart you better swap us back right now!" I say over the phone
My best friend and I wanted a vacation. We found that the best rates were for couples. So he agreed to take an X-change every day. But with that smile… how are we supposed to just be friends this week? (DMs open.)
I cringed at the sight of my sister, in my body, doing whatever she could to ruin my reputation. She stole my body with that explicit purpose. I haven't had the heart to tell her that she misread the spell... the swap is permanent. Oh well, I'm sure she'll find out soon enough.
One day I'll tell my girlfriend the truth. That when her 'boyfriend' ran off without saying anything, it wasn't me. That it was her best friend, who was jealous of her, who stole my body and then ran off. One day I'll tell her the truth, but today I'll enjoy being her BFF~
Nicole didn’t know she was going to an exchange island. She looked down and saw she was in the body of a male. She wanted out of here. She ran through the beach until she saw her body. “Hey! I’m sorry but there was a mistake!”
hey, mind if i show you my booty?
(OC) What usually happens when my friends ask if i'm still up
My girlfriend has gone too far! She's been talking about how hot she thought my mom was, which was weird enough for me, but today I woke up in my mom's body in bed next to my dad! She even left me a message saying the magic would stop me from telling anyone the truth...
My moms been sending me weird pictures of her topless. I keep asking her to stop but she won't stop and she keeps flirting with me. I think at one point she called herself Cassie. Isn't that the name of the girl that's been stalking me. (DM for RP)
Mmm love those hot big boobs
Gabbie Carter showing off
You want to fuck my cute ass?
After my mom and I swapped she thought it was nice I decided to stop wearing her contacts and embrace a “sexy librarian” look. She doesn’t know that I’m being much more risqué when I’m attracting men. There are some things a mother doesn’t talk about with her son.
You needed a date for the upcoming formal and convinced me to help you out by swapping bodies with your crush. "So, how do I look? Ready to be for your date?" (DM to RP)
‘Just give it up Mia’ I sighed ‘that pro bono lawyer is not gonna help you compared to your former dad’s wealth. Face it your parents prefer me and after some blowjobs your boyfriend does too! I can’t believe you were too much of a prude to do that before. This body is gonna remain mine! Accept it.’
Savannah my gf just broke up with me. I didn’t want to lose her so I acted fast and used a spell to swap both her and my Dog Lola. Lola was always loyal to me and a good girl. Savannah now looks like a good girl while she stares back at me.
I was trying to prove to my best friend that I had been paired with Alice, the popular girl's body for Swap Class, so i sent him a video! I might've gotten a little sidetracked in the process though...
I hadn't spoken to Lindsay to a while, at least not since she asked me to swing with her. She sent me a text saying sorry and that she wanted to apologize for being so forward. Next I knew, I was staring at her new boyfriends cock.. "Lindsay!?" I text my own cell number (RP)
I provide a special service to well paying people, i swap bodies with them, fuck myself and swap back afterwards. This time after a session with you, a loyal customer, you ask me if we could go out together. "Wait.. you want to go on a date...? With me? Is this some kink of yours?"
Of course you easily believed me when I lied to you and told you cum was the only cure for the gender curse set on you, magic was my forte You were just usually around for the ride... but eventually You’d have to figure it was a lie.
"OMG Valorie how can you wear this? It's so tight they're about to burst! Jesus, they feel SO fat! Look at'em bounce. WOW! I just wanna SQUEEEZE and shake'm. My gosh! Your nipples, ugh! Slap them titties! They feel so swollen and full, it's amazing! How come you're touching yourself all the time?"
After I got swapped in an accident, I told my roommate no funny business. How was I supposed to know that when he gets horny he doesn't take no for an answer?
Sky was known as the ugliest girl in our college. One day I stole her glasses to make fun of her to my friends. When I put them on I felt weird. It was like I was being made fun of. When I looked down I saw I looked just like Sky. "Wait I'm no... Don't make fun of me." Wait am I crying? (RP)
Nadia used her hands to feel up her tan body. “Don’t worry, I’ll take good care of your mom’s body.” Nadia my girlfriend said before going into the bathroom to get a better look at her mature body. It was weird knowing my gf was in my moms body. But hopefully it’ll be in our favor.
“Our next guest stars in the reality show ‘The Sissy System’ about mothers who feminize their sons. The show is a massive hit with the final season airing right now. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for America's favorite sissy: Victoria Jones!” (Looking for Literate Rp)
My real sister
I provide a special service to well paying people, i swap bodies with them, fuck myself and swap back afterwards. This time after a session with you, a loyal customer, you ask me if we could go out together. "Wait.. you want to go on a date...? With me? Is this some kink of yours?"
Bodyy Balm - Prologue
‘Hi daddy, the sun is great isn’t it? Great to get a tan before spring break! But could go to the neighbour and tell him not to stare so much it is making me really uncomfortable’ I said mischievous knowing full well that ‘neighbour’ was the original Jenny. Guess she is now very jealous of me!
"Our brilliant plan to get front-row seats by becoming girls has backfired, Hannah." - "Why would you say that, Ella?" - "You mean besides the fact that we've forgotten our male names? How about that I've been far more focused on the quarterback's butt than on the game?" - "But it's a great butt!"
It has been a week after my second puberty. I didn’t want to get any new clothes so i just wore my old ones. Having a tomboy style. I was meeting you at the mall since you wanted to go. I stand by the entrance. Waiting shyly not used to my new body yet. (Adorable rp)
When my sister invited me to the beach with her friends and said she had a surprise for me, I wasn't sure what to expect. She swapped me into her best friend. All the other friends are interested in teaching me how to be a woman. From 25 to 18, this is going to be fun!
“Like the look, scavenger? They had no choice but to do this to me after our battle on Starkiller Base….but I doubt you care….” I glare at you….lightsaber in hand…staring down at that worthless scavenger I was bound to through the force.
My wife and I had decided we were to steal the bodies of our daughter and her husband on their wedding day. My wife messed up the spell and I ended up in my daughter while she ended up as her husband. I’m teasing her but she’s refusing to do anything because they are in the room next door(rp wanted)
"Does it look like my new life is hard, dude? It's like... sweet! I know I lost like a lot of smarts or whatever but I'm super cute now! and I still have my games and stuff. It's only another week until my Slut-Flu doesn't spread either! Then I can come see you guys in person!"
“Why couldn’t I stay inside??” We we’re on a family vacation when I started going through second puberty. My parents said I had to go to the beach and I had to wear my sister’s bikini “in case I changed more” (RP)
Ever since body swap class put me in the body of this hot chick, studying for my other classes had become challenging. It’s so easy to get distracted! At least I have a study buddy. (RP)
I woke up in the body of a perky young lady in what I can only assume is NY City in the past, because everyone -for some odd reason- was super amazed at my exposed female nipples. I recall reading about this thing named the 'Great Shift' in the annals and I guess it works both through space &amp; time?!
I guess exploring abandoned houses has finally caught up with me. Today I found a ghost in one! She was desperate to be alive again so she took over my body and transformed it into a copy of her’s. I still have some control but I’m worried. I’m a woman now!
When my tinder date told me that my 6.5" dick couldn't satisfied her, I took offense. She then explained she had a rather large pussy. For a girl her size, I was skeptic. So she had us swap and OMG it's true! Like, she's so tight but so stretchy at the same time! I'm loving her 9"x6" clear dildo!
Me and my friend recently found a set of magic earrings that changes the wearer into there opposite gender self. I needed to pierce my ears and let them heal before I could use the magic ones. The long wait is over and now I’m a chick! AMA
3 years since I possessed Sophie Turner and I’m already on baby number two, can’t get enough of this new life, hope Joe doesn’t find out it’s not his
“Huh? Wait, who?!” I stare perplexed at the bathroom mirror in the pool club, my pale complexion and body nowhere to be seen (DM/RP)
You and I wanted to go on a vacation, but we needed a legal guardian. None of our parents had time. Luckily, I had found a possession spell, and we decided I would use it to possess our teacher, Mrs Fox. I used the spell, and after a while you got a message "Dude, this actually worked." (RP/DM)
It's been a month since the great shift landed me in this new female body. It's been difficult getting back into my office job but I've been doing ok. I've been spending most of my time alone not really wanting to accept the change. Today however i was convinced to spend the day with you. (dm2rp)
"Wow," said Blaine Woodford from the body of her dog, "I really DO look good," admiring the results of her experimental swap goggles. But then, she made the fatal mistake of tripping on its wires, and thus, a broken headset, a whimpering "dog," and "herself" standing there, smiling, resulted.
"oh my god!! what did that spell do?! I recognise that ass and thighs anywhere...I'm in the body of my best friend's mom!"
First post here hows my tits?
After having spend the day as my sister I couldn’t help myself. Her body was just so horny all the time… I needed it. I had to be quiet because my sister in my body was in the next room but when relieving it was impossible not to moan. That is when my phone lit up
Last night i dreamed about my celebrity chrush and dreamed that i was her, i guess my dream cme true because when i woke up and looked in the mirror i was lauren cohan. I started to freak out when you knocked on the door (RP)
“I.. I can’t believe this… my wedding is in a week!” I stammer. My former body, with my best friend in it, smiles to me. “Anna, don’t worry. I can do the ceremony if we have to. Let’s try to enjoy it!” She says brightly.
A lot has changed after I underwent surgery to become my daughter-in-law’s twin. My golf buddies love spending a lot more time on the green with me for one thing. My son wants me and his wife all to himself though. I wonder if he’s realized we can pass as each other personality wise?
When I swapped bodies with my best friend I didn’t know he had this relationship with his little sister I was so confused the first time she asked me to fuck her in my friends body well she didn’t know it was me
"Please help i cant stay as girl forever and only you can fix the machine please help" We had been building a bodyswap machine that took years to make and after it was finished i fired you so i could keep all the profits. So you rigged the machine to trap me as belle and destroyed it as revenge(Rp)
I was sitting by the pool when I was pulled from my body. Once I regained consciousness I saw that I was in my neighbors body. She had been sunbathing outside in her pool. I decided to stay out in the sun but didn’t want any tan lines, so I took matters into my own hands.
It was supposed to be a three day vacation, but by Day 2 on Spooky Island, you were abducted while everyone slept. Your soul was submerged into a giant vat, but with effort, you freed yourself. Knocking into the walls of a cave, you finally slam into something- wait, this isn't your body!?
Wanna see my aunts? Message me... replying ASAP
‘Shit shit shit, she is coming back early’ I curse in a panic as I look out of the window and see my daughter returning earlier from her weekend trip than expected. Using a medallion I turn into my daughter from time to time to play with myself and experience being a college girl. I’m so busted…
“Our next guest stars in the reality show ‘The Sissy System’ about mothers who feminize their sons. The show is a massive hit with the final season airing right now. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Victoria Jones!” (Looking for Literate Rp)
My roommate had been down after going through with the swap clinic appointment. She felt like he was getting less attention than when she was a her old self. So, I decided to cheer her up. (Rp)
I was working with a group that was testing and creating actual teleportation. When the first test day came I volunteered with a few other people. However, the machine malfunctioned and i was swapped hundreds of miles away with this busty Asian girl living in California. I had no idea who to contact
We were at a Batchelor Party when all of a sudden we all became younger girls. Since we were all drunk we embraced it and started talking group selfies and are now having a slumber party “Omg we all look cute!!!” (RP)
“But, Lexi, we can’t do this… I’m not really your girlfriend, I just got her for swap class!” She grabs my tits from behind “Oh, Ryan, we know! In fact, Stephanie is going to be here in your guy body any minute! You don’t mind if she watches us, do you, sweetie…?”
My best friend from college was getting married to a total jerk. He doesn’t even let her hang out with other guys! So I (right) decided to get myself a realistic bodysuit to become one of her “girlfriends” and go out all of the time with her! It’s even more fun than when I was a guy...
you woke up chest down in a different bed, in a different room. you immediately knew something was off, confirmed by the blonde hair that draped down your shoulders. you didn’t know who or where you were, but all your moving around woke up the man that was sleeping beside you! RP
“i still need to learn HOW to use this body, you mightve forgotten but i’m NOT a girl!” you say, filling danielle’s face with attitude. you had been forced into her body by a man that wanted her as a girlfriend, and now you’re being forced to play the part! RP
Times were tough and after my fiancé and I had been made redundant, the only option we had was to offer her out for possession. Normally, super-rich, old men pay large amounts of money to be young again and our customer was due into her any second.
I went to sleep yesterday next to my girlfriend after studying hard for today's college exam. When I woke up however, I found myself alone in an unfamiliar bedroom. What's even more concerning is that even my body has somehow changed! What the hell is this? Why am I some chubby old woman!?
(OC) What usually happens when my friends ask if i'm still up
Waking Up In A Girls Body
I had been asking this girls for nudes so she sent me this pick as I start to jerk off suddenly our bodies swapped as I stare back at my new body (rp wanted)
I loved helping my neighbor Karen with her daily chores, but when I came in today, I found her acting odd, I quickly left her alone, but I think something’s wrong. Little did I know… She was turned into a suit by a escaped convict! So I decided I would check in on her again. “Karen? Are you okay?”
Found this suit in my tutors desk with a note addressed to me, he said he knew I was a sissy and wants to see me after class, my uniform is wrecked but I love it! (Rp)
meru by my cute succubus daughter
I walked into the bathroom at the bar and took the pill I was given. I watched as my hair grew and turned blonde. My clothes turned into a dress as my chest expanded and my dick disappeared. Now how do I get out of the men’s bathroom (RP)
“I’ve had enough of being the fat neighbour and going on diets while you all laugh at me so now I’m your sexy little girlfriend and I can eat what I want” I sneer, my internet friends had linked me to a possession website, I tried it and haven’t looked back since.
After your second puberty hit, you lost your spot on your uni's wrestling team. The captain said if you could prove to him you could still wrestle "under pressure" you'd be back on the team. Why did he specify that? Why do you have to be naked? You quickly find out there's gonna be a lot of pressure
The Life Note - Part Four
Looking for a girl to swap body with me, i’ll give you all of the information how to be Me including pictures (rp wanted)
I worked for the SCP at site [______]. While out on assignment I stumbled upon a [______]. I didn't realize that it was anomalous at first. I couldn't help myself. I used the [______] and couldn't stop. Even after it started to feminize me. Now I'm on the run trying to avoid containment.
After losing a bet with my friends, I had to dress up as a sexy bunny for carnival. Who was going to tell me that we would transform into whatever we dressed up as?
This black dude would always pick on me and call me names. Well that all changed once I swapped our bodies. He was me and I was him. It was only temporary but I took the opportunity to try out having a penis, I jerked off a few times but that wasn’t enough…so i called my old body over…(rp wanted)
"Well well well Becca. I knew that preppy attitude at school was an act. You're really a naughty girl at heart." Ryan said to myself as he looked in the mirror after finding an entire drawer of sexy lingerie. But, he became preoccupied once he found the large collection of toys under her bed.
I wasn’t against my dad getting the swap. Whatever makes him happy after his divorce. He’s even started to talk to me more, and asks for my advice on outfits. We have some father/son time planned out later. I get it’s a little weird, but like I don’t have an ulterior motive or anything!
My friend (right) convinced me to go along with this body swap spell she found in her family's secret spell book. We both recited it, holding hands, then suddenly we were each other! Now I'm in her body taking a selfie, showing off my new ass! Thing is, now we can't swap back for at least a week!
I went out to the bar, fully intending to leave for a one night stand. A girl asked me what I wanted to do. I admitted I was just there to get laid and she groaned. "All you guys are like this." She said and snapped. Suddenly I found myself behind a different bar in town, and I got my wish...
I went in for a massage into what I thought was a Spa and came out as 'girl' instead. They said the changes would only last a month, so I went back to my place to try to "resume" my life. But after two weeks of banging a glass dildo, I find my roommate's dick and hip-work so much more comforting!
In a freak accident I was swapped with a sexbot. After a legal battle it was deemed I no longer qualified as a person, instead I was now considered property. As a result I could either allow myself to be purchased or be refurbished. I did the only thing I could, I'm now waiting for my new owner...
Sabina was excited to try on some new clothes from this new shop. She walked into the changing room and closed the door. But as soon as she did a flash of light came out. She jumped out of the room and saw her own body get out of the other room. “Wait that’s my body…!” She said to you.
Gender Transformation Through Cheat Codes
Seeing my own mom on the swapstitute website was a bit odd for me at first. I’m sure she found it weird when she seen my booking come into her inbox. My phone flashes 5 minutes later with a notification “booking accepted” rp
Character driven body swap Story
I was super excited to try on my new bodysuit, but the manufacturer made a mistake and gave it pink hair! To make it up to me, they included all kinds of extra features and some free bikinis! I don’t even mind the hair...
I wondered what your special bottle of Vaseline was for... I rubbed some on myself as a joke and I turned into a chick! I’m all oiled up with nowhere to go!
when I turned fifteen I had a beautiful girlfriend,over time we broke up and we both took different paths,ten years later she fulfilled her dream of being a model, but now I am her new boss,at 17 a witch transformed me into a woman and with time I became a millionaire and a busty business woman🌸
You know….maybe the Great Shift isn’t so bad…I ended up in Daisy Ridley’s body for crying out loud…shame that Star Wars is over but I think I could make a great Lois Lane or maybe even hit it big with Marvel! Who knows? Maybe even Daisy herself might come back begging for her body.
I was sitting by the pool when I felt myself being pulled from my body. Somehow I landed in my neighbors body when she was in her pool. I thought it was horrible at first, but then I looked down at my new body. I pulled back my bikini and knew I was going to have fun.
For a while I'd really wanted to try out cosplaying but I didn't have the confidence to even look into getting a costume. Though one day some cosmic force found out about my wish and decided that my dream would be easier if I were girly.. I don't know why I'm changing but I've been invited to a con
I jerk it at lunch daily
You and your best friend got punked out by your bully, transformed you into his little playthings. He says that if you do what he says, he'll change you both back, none of you knew that his cum would make it permanent. Now he's a stud with two girls hanging off his arms. Is this really your life now
“That’s totally unfair.” My aunt said from my body. “I’m trying just as hard to fix this as you. Look, you just go on my family vacation for me, and I’ll stay here and try and fix it, okay?”
I would love someone to play a girl I know or catfish me as certain celebs/tik tok stars/pornstars and become my cum sluts. U want my cock and cum, so come get it. Kik wereartthou1 or wickr wereartthou or snap hellothere24242
My best friend had a party for her job she didn't want to go to. She told me I could in her place, which confused me. Until she produced a small ring and put it on herself, suddenly both of us morphed into each other. "Have fun!" She grinned and forced me to go or else she wouldn't fix us!
My step-mother was sick of me and thought I was a terrible match for her daughter, so pulling off something drastic she used her magic powers to swap our bodies. I'll make a better husband than you ever would have. She says, her spell keeping me from telling anyone the truth...
“Babe cmon let’s go” after my life had changed me into a woman, I found that everything different, a guy approached me and he had some feelings per say, but I was speechless “um uh y- yeah sure hehe” I’ve been dating him for a year now and he’s so sweet, I didn’t think id enjoy him this much
You could imagine my shock and discomfort when I woke up in my ex's body this morning. We'd been apart for nearly a month and I had caught her stalking me around for nearly once a week since then. Cursing, I glance at my pink phone seeing my former name pop on screen.
Yesterday was my bachelor party, at dawn we were driving drunk, suddenly the car went into the sea and I only remember closing my eyes, when I woke up I was on this island, my body changed and now I am a woman with huge tits, where am I ? where did i get this bra? I decided to go investigate.✨🍑🧐🍒👙❓✨
As you and your girlfriend had sex in the doggy position you struck forcing a smoke like object into her back, coming back to being I took a breath feeling your cock inside me I moaned, your face leaning in “I get the girl I always wanted and you get her body” with that you cummed locking me in (RP)
I was FaceTiming you while I looking around my sisters room while she was out on a date. When you noticed I slowly started to change.
My cock feminizes whoever I fuck. My girlfriend broke up with me because of you, my best friend and I had enough. I ripped the clothes off your body and started pounding your ass, with every thrust you turned more feminine, even your cock started to shrink and soon you would have a pussy.
I was at the strip club most the guys weren't tipping the girls so I decided not to tip them to. That was a mistake cause when the owner saw I wasn't tipping he swapped me into one of his dancers (rp wanted)
Swaps-Titutor - Part One
I was born in Mexico, but my mother like my sisters born in Spain,I felt excluded to being the only man foreigned in my family, but my mother gave me a spell from a witch to fix it,now on I am a girl born in Barcelona with huge boobs inherited from my mother,I am the happiest woman inthe world🇪🇸✨👙💖
Hey all I've been in this wonderful body of Brec Bassinger for a while now how do I look?
GIRLS SUCKING SHEMALES COMPILATION
After the shift, I was glad I landed in the body of a big titted MILF. Then I was kinda bummed, when I found her knockers weren't that sensitive and rather got in the way. That was until I realized how arousingly pleasurable it was to play with my big areolas when my nipples got rock-solid hard!
A few weeks ago I ran away from my wife forever, now I live on the beaches of Argentina with my friends, they are all women so it was awkward being the only man, so I decided to join the girls, I used some pills to become a woman and I had surgery to increase my breasts,now let's have fun girls! ✨💖
I had swapped bodies with my sister while she was enjoying my body I was to horny all the time to leave the house (rp wanted)
“I’ve finally possessed her”. I say as I admire my amazing new body. I waste no time tho as I quickly take this selfie and write, “anyone up for some fun? PM me!” I spread the post all over Reddit just waiting to get some messages.(RP)
One of Stacy's favorite things was watching her boyfriend, Todd, gleefully play with his own dick whenever they switched bodies. Todd's favorites were the things that came after.
Anyone want to body swap on Snapchat?
Why does it feel like I can't go two steps without bumping into some type of cursed object, it's like a magnet for it or something. Today I found a cursed African mask of fertility or something, put it on and the next thing I know my male-white ass was gone.
(RP) I wake up and realize I am no longer who I was yesterday. I get up, go to the bathroom, look in the mirror and find out I've become a MILF! I don't know what to do, all I know is I'm horny, and for some reason I'm craving cock...
“Our next guest stars in the reality show ‘The Sissy System’ about mothers who feminize their sons. The show is a massive hit with the final season airing right now. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Victoria Jones!” (Looking for Literate Rp)
Carol was concerned that her son would come home late after school. She decided to one day use a possession spell when he was late again. She was shocked to see the trio of girls around her son's large cock taking turns sucking it. She knew that this wouldn't be the only time she would use the spell
“mmm, this is good!” as a homeless ugly old man, life wasn’t so great. i had no friends, no money. i wished for a second chance at life, to finally be happy. i don’t know what i expected but waking up as this PRINCESS was not it! i was scared at first, but i am starting to get used to it RP
I was doing my rounds through the abandoned planet of Jakku, and found this girl, she kept on going on about how she was the emperor but I don’t know if I should believe her. But these chains on her seem to be… glowing? I guess I can take them off. (RP)
dumb look meru (by succubus slave)
I look down in disbelief. My daughter (middle) swapped me with one of her friends (left) during their girls trip. How do girls wear bikinis like this? I feel so exposed. (RP)
We were at a Batchelor Party when all of a sudden we all became younger girls. Since we were all drunk we embraced it and started talking group selfies and are now having a slumber party “Omg we all look cute!!!” Little did we know the bride to be has a reality remote that someone found. (RP)
All that time stroking to steamers finally caught up to me. I woke up feeling super weird I looked down and seen massive tits on my chest. Lucky I still have the same phone.
"It's been a while since I've dressed like this" the woman told me "doesn't fit like it used to. I just couldn't help myself from dressing up when I thought about being young again" she revealed a strange looking device "...and you'll be helping me with that!" as she pressed a button, I felt dizzy.
Helen was enjoying her time on the island. She was surprised to run into her body, and as she felt her new manhood react to what it was wearing, she decided to walk over and seduce whoever was in it. It would be a fitting last day hurrah to sleep with her former body before she has to return to it.
My mother-in-law was sick of me and thought I was a terrible match for her daughter, so pulling off something drastic she used her magic powers to swap our bodies. I'll make a better husband than you ever would have. She says, her spell keeping me from telling anyone the truth...
"Why the fuck did no one tell me it comes with an ACTUAL flu?!" I got the 'slut-flu'... which sounded bad, most who got it turned into sex crazed bimbo's... lucky for me, I was more like... an empty headed princess. I lost a lot of IQ, but I was proportioned normally, unlike the bimbo's...
I was walking downtown when suddenly someone shot me with a swap gun I ended up getting put into this egirls body while she was having some fun (rp wanted)
When wishing to be closer to his girlfriend, Cody was not expecting to be swapped into her mother Janine, and even more so when he learned about their 'bonding time.' Not that he was complaining, mind you.
Dating after the shift has been really tough, But I found this girl on tinder I really like her we have similar interests. We're finally meeting today and shes total babe but she looking at me like we have known each other for years maybe I should ask who they were before the shift. (RP)
I sell premium SkinSuits to the rich and famous, some use them to go unnoticed in public and others for private reasons… However, when they’re bored, they give them back to me and i couldn’t throw them away so take your pick! I want them to be given a good use! (RP)
I was a 19 year old working as an intern at my father's lab. He was working on a device that was able to alter your age. I was cleaning his workshop and found the device and accidentally turned it on and when I woke up I realized I'd been aged up to my 30s. What am I going to do now. (DM for RP)
Playing with Ava Addams' huge tits
[M4F] My sister gave me a present this year, who knew she had been cursed and accidentlly swaped bodies with me! Lets hope she dosen't mess around in my body too much! [RP]
I was waiting for my GF to come home when all of a sudden she started posting pictures acting all different on social media with a girl I had never seen before. I try to call her to ask what’s up… (RP wanted)
I love the Island survival quest. Well, if you can call it a 'quest' that is! I still can't believe how soft my skin is for an body that has ben 3D printed to be weather-proof. This way you can comfortably trail the forest nude without worrying of mosquito bites. You should try humping bamboo! (3)
I was born in Mexico, but my mother like my sisters born in Spain,I felt excluded to being the only man foreigned in my family, but my mother gave me a spell from a witch to fix it,now on I am a girl born in Barcelona with huge boobs inherited from my mother,I am the happiest woman inthe world🇪🇸✨👙💖
Found this cool remote that let me possess bodies. Decided to try it first on this cute petit slut I found taking a stroll in the park. What should I do with her first.
When my neighbours went away on a family holiday I was thrilled. They asked me to housesit while they were gone. This combined with the fact that my body transforms to match the clothes I wear means I have two weeks as their hot 19yr old daughter. Here I am sending vids to all my friends!
“Our next guest stars in the reality show ‘The Sissy System’ about mothers who feminize their sons. The show is a massive hit with the final season airing right now. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Victoria Jones!” (Looking for Literate Rp)
What would you do if you found me like this in the dorm laundry room?
I lived with my parents in Mexico, but when I turned 21 they kicked me out, so I decided to use my savings to go to the United States, later my parents heard that I earned five times more than them, but their joy disappeared when they discovered that their son is now a cute and busty Hooters girl🍒🍑🦉
I think I’ve been cursed, this ugly girl keeps on messaging me on tinder and telling me how we’ll be together forever, so I blocked her… but trouble is… whenever I try to match with someone, their profile turns into her! Now I’m trying to message her to see what she wants. “How are you doing this?!”
You and I were at the beach but you were pretty bored as we walked in the water… that is until a wave hit me and instead of me you saw this chick! “What’s with the staring dude?” She said before she looked down at let out a scream. (RP)
“You have to admit.” My roommate says as we walk back from class. “It’s a little funny.” I scowl back at her. The Great Shift spared her, but put swapped me with our professor. I’m not ready to see the humor in it.
The morphsuit was a complete success thanks to my genius, I could simply upload a simple model into its files and boom out comes a perfect recreation. Here I was testing it again for the eighth time today, maybe I was a little too obsessed with my achievements.
A jealous daughter steals her father’s body, leaving him to be your plaything. You now had to teach your old boss how to be a good obedient little pet, or else there’d be plenty of punishments for him. (Message me to rp)
When I was just about to go to sleep yesterday, I happened to see a shooting star. I decided to utter a wish, thinking nothing of it. Well the wish was that I would get the body of my hot neighbor and the wish had actually worked, since I woke up, having possessed his body ! (MxM RP)
Slutty Nanny Possessed
(DM TO RP) After the murder of your best friend, a mysterious woman shows up with no memory of who she is. What neither of you know, is this woman is really your friend reincarnated somehow!
Something special
“there…i did it! happy now?” you had blackmailed me into possessing your crush. there was no wya out of it besides listening to you, and now i’m stuck as this girl! i don’t know when youll let me leave, or IF! for now, you just want a girlfriend and i have to be that…RP
I touch my sisters heavily pregnant belly, wondering if I'll be as big in a few months. After a scientific project on rejuvenation that had switched my sex as well as making me the younger sibling, I'd ended up experimenting with her husband's younger brother, and, well, now I was stuck a woman AMA
My roommate had been down after going through with the swap clinic appointment. She felt like he was getting less attention than when she was a her old self. So, I decided to cheer her up. (Rp)
Our friends slipped us some x-change pills as a prank! They say the person who makes the other orgasm first gets the antidote. The problem is I think we’re both starting to enjoy it… (RP)
“Holy shit HAHA! It actually worked what the hell?!” I say out loud after using a weird website while bored which let me hop into my mom. I take a photo and send you the link “Yo man try this out it’s me Adam!” I wonder who you’re gonna take….(Rp)
My best friend and me bet with my father-in-law on the soccer game that we were going to have against him, unfortunately we lost and they beat us 7-4, as punishment they turned us into beautifull soft busty females, we had to send him a video showing our huge tits in the stadium of your favoriteteam
My dad and mom went to swap therapy because my mom said it would make them connect better. My dad has been really down in the dumps recently, I knew one thing that would definitely cheer him up and that was a round of golf. I'm taking him for a round. (RP
Hard Day for Jason and Rhonda
The Lottery - Part Five
I saw your computer history so I bought a dress with high heels and offered you your dream. I’m know you will be extra thankful to me.
Scott was an unlucky guy, he flunked out of Highschool because his family needed the money. He got a bad drug addiction for his trouble. He had been homeless for 40 years. But after he gave his only blanket to a witch his luck changed when she gave him a body and life he was more deserving of (RP).
I was waiting for my GF to come home when all of a sudden she started posting pictures acting all different on social media with a girl I had never seen before. I try to call her to ask what’s up… (RP wanted)
Alternate Lives - Part Four
Vegeta was furious, his wife was trying to recreate this technique that Ginyu used on her years ago, she didn't warn him that it was his famed body switching skill. Now he's stuck in her weak female body while she's off testing his body out, and kakarot still wants to train together!
"So did you get the gender swap pill to turn me back to a guy?" I asked exiting the kitchen in my apartment. The night before i bought a pill from a shady guy at the club unaware of what it was and when i took it i turned into a girl with no way to turn back since the dealer got arrested(Rp)
This jock at my college was making my life hell. I stupidly wished I could give him a taste of his own medicine and woke up as his stepmom! I need to get back at him to swap back, but it means keeping his dad happy...
Coming home from swap class was fun, dad and mom didn't belive it was me at first, and my brother is still in denial about it. He can't belive that I was paired up with *her*, of all the people his brother could be swapped with, it had to be his ex girlfriend!
I stood quietly as my parents argued. Today was suppose to be my first day of college. Emphasis on 'suppose'. Turns out my dad was having an affair. One which he broke off. She didn't take kindly to it and swapped with me as a way to get back at him. Now my parents are fighting about what to do...
I made him happy! &lt;3
(M4F RP)It's your first date since you were forced into this body. It has to go well. You absolutely need somebody to help you orgasm.
I cast a spell long ago to make my penis removable. I become a full girl, my cock turns into a dildo, and people think I was always a girl named Jessica. Well right now, my cock has been missing for days. I nervously send a group text to my family. “Hey..has anyone seen my coc—dildo?” (RP)
“Like, what just happened?” i say in a daze. We had been granted one wish by a genie and you had quickly wished for a obedient trophy wife…
I guess some outfits aren't meant to be worn with nothing underneath. Had I known I'd be getting 34C's in a 5'4" frame, I wouldn't have gotten a dress with such a narrow top. I guess I could still go out like this, but I'd certainly drew the wrong kind of attention. What the heck, free the nipple!
Rubbing her clit to squirt.
Amouranth is the Best!! 🍑🍑😍
Roleplay - I look at my reflection in horror, looking back at me was Kellie, my best friend's mother! "Oh my god my ass and thighs are huge, I need to find a way to switch back!"
"babe I told you not to mess with that weird remote we found in the street, give it to me...ahhh.." *flash* "what have you done? Change me back, change me back now!"
After a fight with the hot girl next door, you woke up to find yourself in each other's bodies. To swap back, she told you that an orgasm will do the trick, but in reality, she knew that this will seal the swap. After you blew her, she came in your mouth, she laughed and said "Have fun being me!"
My roommate had been down after going through with the swap clinic appointment. She felt like he was getting less attention than when she was a her old self. So, I decided to cheer her up. (Rp)
After the Great Shift, swapped into the body of a young female teenager in the Netherlands. Luckily, you weren't alone because your girlfriend swapped with a male African porn star who was also in the Netherlands. After getting back in contact with each other, you decided to meet up and explore.
When I was at the mall someone suddenly touched my back and my eyes went black. When my vision came back, I saw my old body running away, shouting, "Now you're going to be a mom!". The next second some kid tugged on my jacket sleeve and asked, "Mom, what happened?"(RP)
"Of course I'm not wearing a bra! I'm not a GIRL. I know my hair's getting kinda long, but..." There was something strange going on. You kept asking odd questions, all my old friends were acting different around me... and for some reason I couldn't get any of you to look me in the eye anymore...
Nick loved to surf, and was back in the water once the beaches opened after the Shift. It took him a couple of practice waves to become familiar with his new center of gravity, but more importantly, he was also learning that bikini tops don't actually stay in place after a wipeout.
I jerked off to a young model in a vintage potn mag just as the FOSE hit...however when I woke up, I was in that models body in present day, she..now me..is now my middle aged
I can’t believe “swapsitutes” are now a thing. It was pretty pricey and I wasn’t sure what was going to happen. But now I’m her for 24 hours while she just chills out in my body in a hotel so no one bumps into her! (Rp)
MY best friend and I had our bodies stolen by our mothers, they thought it would be a learning experience for the both of us. Little did they know we each had a crush on the other’s mother, so we decided to help each other explore our new bodies. We learned much more than our mothers expected!
When a strange voice told me to make a wish, without thinking I said that I wanted to be successful with a good job and family. The next second I was falling asleep. When I woke up, I was in my mom's room and my body was different.(RP)
I had only hoped into my mom's body to buy some alcohol from the store.but when i arrived at the store my bully who's a big black guy was drunk, started following me. I talked back without thinking why was he bullying my son.
'One person's curse is another's blessing!'. I still don't know what to make of Tessa's huge knockers. Sure, they can be a nuisance most of the time. But they're also quite a lot of fun, although they aren't that sensitive tbh. Like, playing with'em won't make me cum. But feeling them bounce? Gosh!
PART 2: After being sent to live with a family friend, who is apparently an expert in turning boys into sissies, I’m being ordered around with props and outfits while they take pictures. When they make me suck a lollipop, I finally ask why. They reveal they’re pics for my new Tinder! (Lit Rp)
My story should have ended when I died but it turned out my death was a clerical error. They decided to take the appropriate soul and put mine in it's place. I was also informed I had to act as she would have or they'd come back for me. The problem? She's the girlfriend to my asshole brother...
My girlfriend recently discovered she had incredible magical abilities, and had used me as a test subject. First it was small, like making my hair blonde or making me shorter. But she wouldn't change me back. Soon I had boobs, a feminine figure, and now here I am, with an insatiable sex drive.
“I told you, it’s like living inside a bouncy castle- you’ll get used to that though” I say. I’d forced you- my friend- inside a new skinsuit of mine while you were asleep, to test it out before I sell it to the highest bidder.
Due to a family curve activating at the wedding of your little sister you switched bodies the moment she said ‘yes’. You had to keep up the act for her sake and were now even on her honeymoon! It was not that bad though, pool, sun, drinks. You wink at “your husband” thinking about last night.
The Life Note - Part Three
"Just, like.. please, like, totes stop laughing," you had warned me that using the black market swap clinic was a bad idea, but I was desperate. I couldn't afford the real swap clinic. Well, you were right. I had my body stolen and I was left like this. I did the only thing I could and called you...
TEQUILA SHOT! I yell to you. We were playing drinking games where the winner would get to choose a change for the looser and I was on an insane hot streak. You on the other hand had been tranformed beyond recognition but you still seem to be having a good time in your new drunk body (RP Open M4A)
Before the shift I was in a small rock band that played music that sounded like it was from the 70’s. However since the shift It’s been a lot harder to keep up the rock gig when everyone still thinks Olivia is inside here
"is that me?!" I scream at my reflection in the mirror. "What the fuck has happened to me? Why am I a fat middle aged woman?!"
Oh my god, I'm in the body of the girl I had a one night stand with 8 months ago... This is a fucking nightmare!! I'm a professional boxer but now I'm p... pregnant?!
WHAT!? Shit, there’s no way an upvote could actually do this right!? I upvoted thinking it would be funny and now I’m here in this blondes body… KEEP SCROLLING DON’T UPVOTE! You’ve been warned.
Wendy was my GF’s whiny brat of a sister. I’d only just met her while visiting on spring break. I was too ready to get away from her badgering questions. She got blitzed at a party we had the last day. So I carried her to bed when she threw a weird necklace at me.I’m so confused waking in her room
Shit was crazy in the street. Some sort of shift put people in each other’s bodies. When I fled the chaos I saw a mirror and started checking myself. ‘Holy shit it is her!’. It’s the girl my best mate had a tinder date with last week. ‘Ew, he was bragging how he came all over her.. or now my face…’
We still don’t know how or why my sister and I swapped bodies the morning of her big day. But I promised to try and not ruin it for her while she try’s to find a way to swap us back.
I made a wish on a shooting star for my crush to love me.... To my horror I woke up this morning in her fat Moms body... Be careful what you wish for!
Me and my college teacher were struck by lightning during an argument....I woke up the next morning In her body..I'm now in my late 40's and a woman!! However, what a pair of fabulous titties I've got
"are you the warlock? I'm Aaron, the 25 year old man who was messing around with a book I found and I ended up turning into this...I heard you can help me?"
I was alone in my apartment for spring break and I had been up to practically nothing. Before my roommates returned I browsed the internet and found a strange site that promised an exciting life change. I didn't realize what happened before the site suddenly closed and I couldn't find it again.
I love paying for swap sex, feeling sex as a woman with no punishment is amazing, until of course the jerks come along, “holy shit did you just cum in me” I was having sex with one of the swap employees when a minute in they came in me “you asshole we can’t swap back now”
Oh shit! Damnit! I can't believe you crushed up one of those pills and put it in my drink! Damn, so you really expect me to follow through on this bet, huh?
Wait! The hot tub was cursed? Ha-ha very funny, Tanya! Not telling people at a party you dropped the sex-change potion in the tub is kinda a dick-move; pun intended. Now put on my shorts and hand me your bikini, half of that thing is poking out of the water like a periscope. You'll scare the guests!
The only place that was hiring was hooters. I reluctantly took the job and everything that came with it.When my break ended,I saw that you came which surprised me.I did my best not to get you to notice me otherwise I’m toast,but what were you doing here? “Hello? My name is Maria.How may I help you?”
I wanted to exercise and get strong to make my sister's friend like me, however after a fight I had with my mother she turned me into a fat girl with big tits as punishment, but that wasn't going to stop me, 1 year later Still I am a female but now I am a beautiful fitness woman with huge boobs🍑✨💪🏻🍒
Five years ago I took a bad X-Change with lasting effects on my body, I was national news for a week until people just forgot about me. But I have enough money to live comfortably, even if my manhood was gone for good... I guess you win some and lose some.
I was at the clubs when they had a best dress competition saying all genders welcome I signed up cause the winner got free drinks for the year little did I know they would turn me into a female (rp always wanted)
‘Dude you can’t keep me in your fantasy world as a toy’ I pleaded. You used our new complete-VR sets to enact your revenge on me for sleeping with your girlfriend. You hacked the system and locked me inside. Now you used me as your virtual toy changing me in celebs and other fantasies.
Wendy was my GF’s bratty sister. She kept asking about me while I was visiting for spring break. I think she had a crush. The last day, we threw a party, she got blitzed, and I carried her to bed. Last thing I remember was her handing me some jewelry then a headache. Why am I waking in her room?
All my life i've been alone and a loser. I had only hoped into my mom's body to buy some alcohol from the store.but when i arrived at the store my bully who's a big black guy was drunk, he started to follow me. (RP)
Gender Swap Pill
My sister had just started school at the University I was about to graduate from. We went to a bar together the weekend before classes started, and one of the guests took a strange interest in us. While in the bathroom I shuddered and found myself in the opposite restroom, as my sister!
“Sorry sweetheart! You gave up this hot body and now it is mine! Looks like your the nerdy loser and I get to be the hot cheerleader now!”
I am a fairy, I would like to know what your dream is, do you want to change bodies with someone you know? Do you want your body to become that of a woman? What would you like to be in your life after becoming a Female? How would I like her body to be? big tits, skinny, i would like to read it🧐🚺
My friend died a week ago we were gathering at the funeral, I miss him a lot. I go to my seat and see this beautiful woman, I had never seen her before but she was acting strange she keeps smiling at me she even made a face my friend used to make. (RP)
I'd let my friend turn me into a hot young woman to come with him as his 'girlfriend' to the couples vacation he'd won. I was having a lot of fun playing the role, being a bit of a tease, though I had no plans to actually seal the deal. Except... I was kind of starting to hope he would make me...
I've been in my bosses body for a week now after the freak accident and I think I'm finally starting to figure out a bra
"Is this classy enough for your rich ass parents?" I message you a photo of my new body, and outfit. Agreeing to take an X-change to be your date for the night was a fun idea at first... then I remembered how intense your parents are. "Maybe I'll do this more often, become your sugar baby?"
(M4AtF) The two of us would both boot up Elden Ring VR... Only to realize that the co-op mode didn't mean you'd have two tarnished, just that one of the players would become Melina~ Now that you have such a cute body, there's no way you're not gonna try and have a bit of fun~
Please, you have to believe me! The guy in the photos is actually me!!! I'm not this middle aged woman with big saggy tits!!! I'm a 24 year old man!
shes the best cumslut
“fuck i look good!” you said happily. you had the biggest crush on my sister, but i forbade you from talking to her! i didn’t want my friend dating my sister! so you decided you’d possess my sister until i gave in and gave you my blessing…RP
Titty injustice
The FOSE is such a terrible thing... Is what I'd have said if I wasn't so damn lucky! I was just... Enjoying some content on Instagram when it struck and I woke up on a boat... Looking absolutely gorgeous! Suffice to say I hope they don't find a way to fix this any time soon...
(F4TF) Hi! I'm looking for a role play where I, a cis female, have my body stolen by you, a trans female. You can enjoy all the benefits that's come along with my body, as long as you tease me for being stuck with this thing between my legs..
My girlfriend recently approached me about opening our relationship, but only for her. We ended up having a fight and she told me I had no idea what it was like being her for a day. Next thing I know… I am her, and it seems like there’s no way to switch back. Am I about to cuck myself? (Open rp Kik)
One night when I wasn’t looking, you checked out my history and saw my cross dressing habits. You immediately started blackmailing me about this. You forced me to try looking like a girl, “there, are you happy? Just don’t tell anyone please”
Rob has always been a fat geek who had always been made fun of his size. He always felt so weak, that is until the minor shift hit. He was eating his fifth bag of potatoe chips when he was suddenly in a gym, he was sweaty and exhausted, but he felt more powerful than he had ever been (RP)
"I dunno man, it's been months and I still feel kinda... big. You sure those diet pills are the real deal?" "Come on - would I lie to you? Anyway, you're making great progress. You couldn't even get those shorts on when we started." I frown. You're right, but they still feel pretty... snug...
Marie wanted a promotion, but never got one, even after talking with her boss many times. She asked her successful friend Dan to swap with her the day she had to meet with her boss again. She knew he would know what to properly say. Dan got her the promotion, but left out the details on exactly how.
When our dad remarried, me and my sister had very different views. She said she couldn't figure out what he sees in her and I said I couldn't see what she sees in him. Suddenly I found myself in my step-mom's body while my sister found herself in our dad's body...
my stepmom had a plan to get me out of the house, she tried to do a spell to turn me into a cat but instead she turned me into a woman with boobs even bigger than hers my dad i was shocked , she was outraged and I was fascinated by my new boobs, now there is a new woman with big boobs in this house🥰
My roommate had been down after going through with the swap clinic appointment. She felt like he was getting less attention than when she was a her old self. So, I decided to cheer her up. (Rp)
My pal dumped this busty blonde from the secretary pool and she quit, threatening to sue. He persuaded me to use the company autocloset to impersonate her for a work do, "just while he smoothed things over"... so why is everyone at the party congratulating me on my promotion? To his PA?!
I was working at my ex girlfriend's restaurant but when we broke up she fired me and I was desperate to find another job so I asked a friend and he got me my current job. 5 years after that I make a lot of money and I just have to smile and look pretty for people to see my face and big hot boobs. ✨
Which busty girl would you swap bodies with
The role exchanger hit me during class and turned me from a guy to this. I'm incredibly horny all the time but also shy and nerdy. Can you guys help me out?
I gasp at the sudden rush of sensations as I felt someone riding me. As my senses settled, I gasped as I realized who it was. My own mother. Was this because of my wish? Where I said I wanted to be closer to my mom? Did I somehow swap bodies with my dad?
(M4F RR) You paid to get swapped into a cougar's body but elected for the cheapest option. You got a beautiful older woman but are paralyzed from the neck down and can't even roll over or sit up without help.
Here I am, with my best friend in his wife's body. His wife is pregnant, but she was sick Travis so she swapped me... then she accidentally swapped Travis with her so I'm in Travis Body. Travis is in my body and Sharon is in his body
It stumbled out of the trees and back to what it assumed was the camp. She had gone to skinny dip in a nearby lake, that was until an alien lifeform had taken her body. And it NEEDED warmth. ‘Are u okay? I thought u were going with the others?’ A friend of her friend asked, setting up his tent.
You had always had a crush on your teacher, it wasn't a bad thing, until you fount out that she was an alien shapeshifter. After a few days of thinking you confronted her. "W-what are you talking about? Me an alien?" You had only one chance to get something out of this. (RP)
“No no no stop!!” I begged in my head, yet my body refused to comply to my demands. In fact, I couldn’t move at all - a few minutes ago, a cool shiver came over me, and for a reason I couldn’t comprehend my body began to move against my will! Little did I know a hopper had possessed me! (RP)
“You afraid to get in a pool with a pretty girl?” I ask my friend. Since I’ve become a woman I’ve had certain urges, I’ve been trying to get my best friend to satisfy them but I can’t seem to get him to be into me
“C’mon Elizabeth! Make me stop!” My harsh voice mocked as my rebellious hand continued to spank me. My “friend” had recently invented a device which would allow you to possess people using a tech chip. I reluctantly let him try it on me, and now he’s testing resistance levels on me! Stop, help! (RP)
F4A - Please help me! My body has been possessed by my pervert friend! They’re making me do so much perverted stuff, I can’t stop them!
Hi sweety, oh you wanna know how me and your dad met for a school paper? That’s a long story, but we met one day when I took an Xchange as a man and he was a little too flattering, I wasn’t planning on being a woman for life, but than you came and everything felt just fine, anything else?
So class swap happened. I got paired with my opposite. An artist who is gay asf and of course a girl. Romours going around that this may be pernament because the device is broken. Who did you get? Any questions about the new me?
“No no no stop!!” I begged in my head, yet my body refused to comply to my demands. In fact, I couldn’t move at all - a few minutes ago, a cool shiver came over me, and for a reason I couldn’t comprehend my body began to move against my will! Little did I know a hopper had possessed me! (RP)
The Life Note - Part Two
“C’mon Elizabeth! Make me stop!” My harsh voice mocked as my rebellious hand continued to touch me. My “friend” had recently invented a device which would allow you to possess people using a tech chip. I reluctantly let him try it on me, and now he’s testing resistance levels on me! Stop, help! (RP)
I had lost the bet and sighed as I sat on the couch with that annoying nerd I called my roommate. You see the bet's conditions were that whoever lost had to use an X-Change pill and pretend to date my roommate for a week... this is going to be a long week...
The Lottery - Part Four
“Remember that curse we didn’t think anything of?” I got cursed yesterday and woke up like this, and if i go a week without touching sperm i turn back into a boy again. “Can you come over? I don’t wanna be alone... not like this!”
"You're grounded!" I ordered my daughter after I got angry at her. The next moment a strange light flashed between us and suddenly I was looking at myself from her body as we swapped. "What did you do !" I got even more furious "not only are you grounded you will clean the whole house young lady!"rp
So class swap happened. I got paired with my opposite. An artist who is gay asf and of course a girl. Romours going around that this may be pernament because the device is broken. Who did you get? Any questions about the new me?
"What? I lost the bet, I took the pill. It's not my fault nothing changed - you must have gotten ripped off. Wait... why do I feel so soft? Why is your cock in my hands and.. mmm. my mouth? Oh God I'm losing myself I... what's my name again?"
Is it wrong of me to possess waitresses in restaraunts? They don’t make enough already, but this one was so hot I just had to try her out for a spin. She’s still aware in my head, pissed as hell, but come on. Her hair was so cute! (RP)
Famous adult film star actress Hitomi Tanaka stole my body!! I have no idea why’d she want to be some average younger American guy but she won’t give it back! I seriously don’t know what to do! These things are seriously heavy. Help!!
Despite Second Puberty transforming my body in a woman's, I still felt as a guy, not accepting the new reality and still wearing my old clothes. "I completely hate this! Everyone treats me like I'm not myself anymore" I complain to you, my best friend (RP)
I was waiting for my GF to come home when all of a sudden she started posting pictures acting all different on social media with a girl I had never seen before. I try to call her to ask what’s up… (RP wanted)
What was it that you said? “There was no way I could possess more than two girls at once”? Well, I sure showed you! Now it was time for my reward… (RP Wanted)
Transformation RP
My girlfriend’s sister was acting weird. She never dresses up with makeup, jewelry, nails, etc. I asked if she was ok. “Thanks,I’m fine. I just wanted attention and needed everyone to think something’s wrong. Cheers” she said cheerily handing me a glass of red, but I tasted mimosa after I swallowed
I Was In Heaven [OC]
“Holy shit I’m… I’m Dua Lipa!” I woke up in a strange place, I made my way to the bathroom and saw myself in the mirror. I’m Dua! How does this happen! I can’t be a girl
So proud to wear the QOS logo for nearly 2.5 years now! Hopefully I have earned it.. Judge for yourself!
Bruce had developed a reputation for being a tough guy; not only did he act like it, but every time he went in the showers, you could see his massive cock hanging down, shouting his masculinity. When I got his body in swap class, I showed it off, in the girls' room! All of their mouths watered
She can't speak for now
Each one Hotter than the Last
Ever since his body ran off during his college's swap class, Kyle - now Kylie - decided he was going to live his best life. He was convinced he had life on easy street, but even still, he quickly found that one of the hardest pats to being a woman was finding the right cosplay outfit!
The great shift left many people confused but none more than Compton gangster Tyrone who had ended up in the body of Taylor Swift as she prepared for a photoshoot. The photographer shouted orders, but he didn't take shit from anyone. "Tyrone don't listen to no one 'cept Tyrone, you can suck it!" (RP
This didn't feel right, I was possessing this woman for a few weeks now and I wasn't sure if I could even leave it. Turns out she was one of those reverse hoppers and I guess our chemistry didn't mix because everytime I try to leave, I'm violently forced back in. Fuck...
“Chill out, it’s only been a few hours.” My best friend said to me. “Your brother will turn up soon.” I grumble as I stare at her - that stupid coin swapped me with my younger brother, and he forgot to take my phone.
Craig was a virgin in his 30’s, he had never even dated a woman. He was a huge incel and an even bigger sexist. He couldn’t understand why women didn’t want him. Then he woke up in the body of his nightmares. He was actually…one of them.
My Daughter accidentally swapped with me. My husband is very upset he can't have sex. It's either he has sex with his daughter in his wife's body, or sex with his wife in his daughter's body. This picture should convince him. (RP Open)
Ever since Daniel's dad was shifted into his gf's body, he's been avoiding helping him in the garage, especially since now that his dad would barely wear anything while working on the car. And today was no different. Sooner or later the tension between the two will finally break.
It worked! Yesterday I tried a website called "swap with a pornstar" and it really worked! This morning I was a beautiful pornstar! With big tits and everything! tomorrow I'm going to play my first scene! Can't wait to suck some cock🤤❤️
“Dude!! It’s me Kyle. You need to download the swap app and get the 30-day trial. This is amazing! Look at me! Aren’t i hot?” (RP)
Some girl wanted me kicked out of the swimming pool for giving her uncomfortable looks. Guess who is laughing now after I switched our bodies? ‘Are you seriously having a boner looking at me?’ I said to my former body laughing.
Our daughter Ariel had come to visit us. We don’t see her much and when it was time for her to leave to the airport. You decided to posses her body. It was weird knowing my wife was in our daughters body. But Ariel was never gonna leave us now. You smiled at me while we ate.
My roommate is an asshole. Upon discovering he had magic powers, he naturally made the most of them. After having his fun with my new body, he gave me an outfit, if you could call it that, and dropped me off in public and left me here. He told me that if I can make it home, he'll change me back (RP)
bras hide a lot
What's your opinion on flashing Norwegian girls in the wild? (very common out there)
Don't forget to brush your teeth properly
I am a powerful oil baron, and a business partner offered her daughter in marriage to seal a trade deal. The marriage is set for tomorrow, however this morning I woke up in an unfamiliar place, and somehow, I'm a young woman? What is going on? (RP)
(M4AtF) Sugou knew it was only a matter of time before his plan failed... So he transferred his mind over to Asuna's body~ Now all he had to do was kill Kirito in his sleep and enjoy his new life as his own beloved~ W-wait what's this plebeian trying to do? F-fuck why does it feel so good~
So cute
(RP wanted) Some chick I slept with while on my business trip to Japan swapped our bodies while I was pounding her as we woke up. the pleasure was so intense that I didn't want to resist, I was hers from now on.
Join us
My friend got tired of me telling him how hot his mom is. He finally snapped and told me if I thought she was so hot I should enjoy being her. Next thing I know I'm in a different place, with THIS view. Uh-oh.. the bedroom door is opening up...
So class swap happened. I got paired with my opposite. An artist who is gay asf and of course a girl. Romours going around that this may be pernament because the device is broken. Who did you get? Any questions about the new me?
(M4AtF) You had a hunch that your girlfriend was cheating on you in the Metaverse, so you stole her headset, put it on, and looked through her dms~ She seemed to be visiting this one player quite often... A meet up later and you could see why, rope after rope of hot, sticky cum flooding your mouth~
Any spare female bodies
"Was that... an X-change permanent?" I ask, my hands going through my pink hair, "Yeeeah... that's a side effect of permanents isn't it? It can mess with hair color..." I say with a huff, "Damn it! Why didn't you check the label! What are we gonna do now? I'm stuck as a chick!"
My dad worked a farm, the great shift has made it very difficult on him since he became a woman. He struggles with lifting and some of the things that used to be easy for him. He called me and I'm here to help him. (RP)
RP. It's been said that the Great Shift is permanent. I don't have any problem with it, fortunately for me, I swapped bodies with the hot brat of my class!!! It was weird at the beginning but I'm sure I can live as her for the rest of my life. I'll teach that brat a lesson by ruining her reputation
I took an X-Change pill for some weekend fun, my body turned out perfect but then my head got all fuzzy…must’ve been laced with something…can’t think …”like what was I saying? Ohmahgosh I look totes adorable, damn I’m horny hehe”
Me and my buddy were heading back form work, we live together in the same apartment. Something very strange happened in the parking garage today, as we were walking out a bright light flashed and where my friend stood was now our hot neighbor Amber. (RP)
I discovered I had hopping powers when I accidentally hopped my mom and ever since then I’ve been thinking about who I should try it out on next and I think my girlfriends little sister was a good choice ;)
You need a goonette when youre busy~
Can a petite 18 years old make your cock hard tonight?
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
(M4F) Sure you like the body you swapped into. Being able to move it would be nice too though.
I can’t believe what I just walked in on. I’m a Human Resources manager at [company name redacted]. I was listening to the radio in my office when they mentioned something they were already calling ‘the big shift’. I left my office to check on the employees and saw this! (RP)
Cow slut
I bought a desk just to do this
He loved it
Sometimes, That's All One Can Ask For
Jim's daughter tried to tell him something but couldn't. Instead she swapped them. Jim has been in her body and nothing was different. Until he was invited over to her best friends house for a swim and she kissed him. When he felt his body react, that's when he knew what she was trying to tell him.
I blindly signed up for an experiment as I needed some cash. Later I received a letter which confirmed I would participate in a 'BS-trial' with somebody else. Today I got this message from an unknown number which said "Good luck finding clothes that fit this ass LOL!! can't wait see you try hahah"
I had just pulled off one of the biggest heist in my life. I stole a jade idol that was rumored to be worth alot of money. The cop that tasered me unfortunately activated the idol, swapping our bodies. Once I came to there was another cop helping me up "you ok, Briggs" "oh uhh yea fine" I reply
I missed my bus and I needed a ride to school so I called my friend, I was very confused when his car arrived and his sister was driving. I didn't know my friend had possessed his sister and he was here to tease me because I always had a crush on her. (RP)
This girl stole my body! Looking at the top she was wearing she clearly had it planned. She’s taunting me in my old body, sending me dick pics. I need help! (RP)
I was a gay guy jerking off to a guy I saw at the gym. As soon as I came, I found myself in a different room fucking a girl. She looks at me with terror in her eyes and says “who are you? What the fuck is going on????” (RP)
It was Friday night, about 3AM. You were already in bed after working the weekend shift all evening when you were woken up by a FaceTime from a number you didn't recognize. Upon answering, you could see this girl shouting through her phone, pointed at the mirror. She seemed very drunk. "Evan???" -RP
My first night out after the curse turbed me into a 48 year old woman... None of the women I'm out with know I'm really a 25 year old man trapped inside this body.... Gonna be a long night
You get a text from your girlfriend’s brother with this picture and a text that says “hey sexy, make me your goddess tonight? ;)” followed five minutes later by “Fuck!!! Wrong number! Don’t show this to my sister!” (RP)
"What, too much?", I ask with a grin while I spin around to show off my new form. You were going out for the first time since your girlfriend for 3 years broke up with you, and have asked me, your shapeshifter friend, to join you and your friends in the form of a.. jealousy inducing replacement (RP)
I can’t believe what I just walked in on. I’m a Human Resources manager at [company name redacted]. I was listening to the radio in my office when they mentioned something they were already calling ‘the big shift’. I left my office to check on the interns and saw this! (RP)
And the best tits award goes to...
Family Curse
I Would Cum So Fucking Hard
Our daughter has been acting out. We want her to be a fine young lady. That’s when you decided to posses her body. I thought it would be weird for my wife to be my daughter on our date. But when I saw you I changed my mind. These flowers are lovely. Thanks sweetie.” You said in our daughters body.
I DON'T THINK MY FAMILY IS NORMAL AT ALL...
Award-winning Boobs - Bunny Colby
What would you do to my wife?
The Life Note - Part One
As an 18 year old boy, i had a girl next door i absolutely hated. But i was forced to hang out with her because our parents are friends. She texted me that she had a date and that it sucked. 3 seconds later i’m suddenly looking at her date. She swapped our bodies and bow i’m on a date with you? (RP)
Now thats just fucking TALENT!
I was the first to test this new hormone drug, that could completely transform your body from male to female, it took a week to complete but here it is in the flesh , what do you guys think?
When i couldn’t come with you to the beach because of corona, you promised to swap my body with someone so that we could still hang out. As you walk on the beach, deciding eho to seap me with, you see this woman ealk out of the ocean and you made your mind up (RP)
After your mom grounded you for hanging out with me, I haven't been able to talk to you for days. One day I message you, "It's Jay, let's teach your mom a lesson," with these pictures attached. The texts came from your mom's phone. So naturally you were confused.
I started taking X-Change so I could strip &amp; cam to make it through college. It's been SO much fun! Now my roommate is telling me I should make it permanent what do you think?
We were staying in a hotel together when you said that we should get a stripper. Apparently this hotel had special packages for that. I was hesitant but I told you I would think more about it once I got dinner. When I came back, I found you like this. "Oh I didn't expect Dylan not to be here" (RP)
Crosspost
I was the highest paid male doctor on my ward excelling in almost every part of my job but that all changed the day i made one mistake that cost me my life, after I died I was send down to work in a hospital in hell but hospitals down here are a little different and so is many things about me(RP)
My new bodysuit was super realistic! It’s so comfy and I can even get a tan! But my parents don’t approve of my suit so I have to sneak onto the roof to wear it. I think my neighbor spotted me though...
Whenever my boyfriend makes me mad, I cheat on him and show Reddit my holes
You asked your wealhy roommate to buy you a skin suit, alluding to the fact that you'd both get use out of it. When you get home you find three boxes, one is marked M-F and the other two with an S. Does he want you to wear them all week? Turns out he planned to get more use out of them than expected
Riding a dildo in a skirt and converse
She is a different breed
The great swap has fucked my life up. Well atleast I'm a cute blonde with tattoos. Does anyone what to help me take my body out for a quick fuck? I'm apparently very kinky and love dp.
Trashy and I like it
Hey guys looking for a new aunt
Four Years ago, my girlfriend went missing, everyone told me to give up, but I didn’t. I kept trying to find her. And when I finally did give up after thousands of dead ends. She texts me this “Miss me?” (RP) (More in comments.)
We’d planned our vacation for ages, and the day had finally arrived. I told you I had a special surprise for you but refused to say what it was. Turns out I’d bought some x-change pills to take to spice up our vacation. “What do you think?” (RP)
You’re my bully, we’re in college. You and i have a bio class together. Unknowing to me, you made a liquid that could change gender. So for the fun of it, you forced me to drink it. I felt weird and went to the bathroom. I got into a stall and my body was beginning to change (DM to rp
As I was tired watching tv I saw my old body on the news, it was another run of the fose story and my old body was claiming to be the victim of this sex crazed guy, who masturbated to her. I felt rage, not only had I been put into this body by her but now she was blaming me what's next? (Rp)
Second puberty is kicking me in the ass, and my wallet. I was a late bloomer, I’ve already moved out and got my own place. Then, the changes happened. It would be fine if these tits would stop growing. I’ve bought new clothes like 5 times already, and they’re already too small.
Some cases of the FOSE were certainly weirder than others. In your case, two women had orgasmed to you at the time of the event making you swap with both of them. Your old body now had two minds wrestling control of it, and you woke up controlling two bodies that were across the city from eachother.
"I told you I was different!" I giggle into face time, "It's called like the 'minor shift' I think? Some government lady was telling me about all the free stuff I get! I full apartment plus a monthly allowance, just cause I'm a girl now! Um... I'm five foot two, why?"
The Lottery - Part Three
Hello Kitty
I always had a bad habit of creeping on my sister doing yoga. I was doing just this when we swapped suddenly. As I came to about what was happening, I felt a strong hand on my shoulder, looking up to see my sister in my old body, a smirk on her face and a huge tent in her pants (RP)
You really got the wrong person mad now. Being stuck in this body leaves you at the mercy of anyone around you. Who do you call for help (M4F RP)
My girl was insecure about her body but didn’t feel safe going to the gym. We swapped bodies so that I could go to the gym for her. Two months later, we still haven’t swapped back and whilst she’s been putting pounds on in my body, i’d say i’ve made progress. When are we going to swap back?Rp wanted
I've been very public about my powers, i've obtained alot of fane and wealth i even get paid by celebrities to do shit for them! I've signed contracts with many celebrities, letting me use there appearance whenever and however i want, but i sometimes do them favours. (RP)
My friend Julia had been going through a bit of an identity crisis and decided she wanted a degree. So she stole my life, took my education, name, and gender. I'm now a redheaded girl named Julia who never went to college and works at a grocery store. I want my life back (rp)
You and your ex broke up recently when you caught her kissing another guy. She never let you be overly sexual with her. You hired me, a professional swapper, to finally have your way with her.
“Well mom, I told you already, these are mine now, I can do whatever I want!” You said in your mothers body. You mother stood infront of you with her mouth opened in shock. She was now in your male body. Was this revenge? Or something deeper? She watched as you played with her body..
My gf was frustrated, basketball star bf was in a slump and and wasn't performing on the court or in the bedroom and the whole school seemed to know, well she had enough and she took my spot using a spell, now she's on the court and I'm the gf, she could have at least made so I could fit in her bras
My sister (left) was having a midlife crisis a little early. She wanted a new job, new car, new friends... and believe me, her friends were incredibly annoying. But she’d already bought an all-inclusive trip with them. It would be odd if she was absent, so she sent me... swapped into her body!
Seeing how much fun your aunt sarah and uncle david had on their vacation you became jealous. You texted me asking i wanted to go on a sunny vacation with you. Ofcourse i wanted to go and you swapped us unqnnounced to me with your aunt and uncle. But you put me in aunt sarah’s body... (RP)
Alexa Pearl
Our daughter has been acting out. We want her to be a fine young lady. That’s when you decided to posses her body. I thought it would be weird for my wife to be my daughter on our date. But when I saw you I changed my mind. These flowers are lovely. Thanks sweetie.” You said in our daughters body.
Mirror, mirror
You kept wondering where your daughter went all day so you tried a passanger possession, where you can see and feel everything she does. To your surprise you found her (yourself) about to suck this massive cock. To your horror you find out it's your boss's. The spell doesn't wear off for 2 hours.
What would you do if you got to fuck my wife
Chris was cripplingly anorexic, and as his weight reach critical conditions, his family had to make some unorthodox choices. They placed him in a body suit to offset the damage to his appearance and add weight. A month later, he is thriving in his new body
The Auto-Closet - Part Seven
Perfect
“What do you mean, no?” After we were gonna fail math class you swapped me into the body of mrs gillan to change our grades, but as we walked into your house to swap me back you tell me you don’t want to swap me back. “We had a deal!”
“Like, what just happened?” i say in a daze. We had been granted one wish by a genie and you had quickly wished for a obedient trophy wife…
I wake up from a nap not remembering much, but weirdly feel really hungry. I look down and I’m in the body of a larger lady. What should I do?
Phew, this party is great! I was feeling bored trapped at home with my wife, doing NOTHING as usual. So I possessed my daughter. Don’t judge me. I’m not evil, I just like having fun! Speaking of which, there’s a LOT of boys that want to have fun with my daughter tonight! She’s been getting around...
Swapping with my son-in-law so he could try to work out if my daughter was cheating on him. Thankfully, using my mom skills i’ve been able to stop my daughter from making sexual advances, but these boners are becoming an issue, I wonder if he could help. God he makes my body look hot! (Rp wanted)
You come home after a finding a strange remote with little to no instructions. You're curious to see what it does, the only thing it says is "For Use on People." When you walk in the door, you see your mother sitting there. "Hey sweetie!" She says, what do you do with this remote? (Open for Rp)
Ok sis remember to swap back before... FUCK! You didn't even last 5 seconds, how is that possible? For that stupid bet... sure the swap is permanent now! Why are you saying I deserve these small boobs? It's your fault!
Prop Up
Hi, Im Amber Just using my sister account to explore here on reddit and find more friends or people who willing to trade nudes If u want to know me more dont hesitate to message me on snapchat, Its AmberLeigh0218
“Dude help me! I got out of the shower, and my shampoo turned me into a girl! i look like this and there’s someone downstairs and i don’t know what to do!” I text you this photo in the evening. (RP)
He Makes Her Cum
“Like, what just happened?” i say in a daze. We had been granted one wish by a genie and you had quickly wished for a obedient trophy wife…
It happened just hours ago, when the Russian troops came to seize Chernobyl. They misfired a mortar shot at the Ukrainians and hit the reactor storage facility. The radioactive fallout created the Great Shift, and now the world is more confused than ever, especially now with Putin looking like this.
Marisol Yotta
I've been on the run from the mob for months, i took permanent X-change pills to make a new identity for myself. I was just about to leave the city but then I fount you, injured on the side of the road. I knew I would regret this later. "Hey! Are you alright?" I yell across the road from you. (RP)
My sister texted me that she was bored at this party and me being helpful, told her I wished I could help her but she took the car. Suddenly I was in her body wearing her bikini! Turns out she swapped our bodies to escape the party now I’m surrounded by her friends and even her boyfriend (Dm to rp)
I finally went through with a bodyswap surgery. I invited you over and caught you peeping at my private videos on my phone. Something came over me and I wanted to satisfy my new needs
I used my possession spell to take over my exes body and get her in legal trouble. I tried to steal some jewelry, got caught, and you the security officer are blackmailing me to either do what you want, or you’ll call authorities
Mtf transformation dm me to ask about plot
It happened just hours ago, when the Russian troops came to seize Chernobyl. They misfired a mortar shot at the Ukrainians and hit the reactor storage facility. The radioactive fallout created the Great Shift, and now the world is more confused than ever, especially now with Putin looking like this.
I have fallen in love with the most beautiful woman named Chloe. For the past few months we been inseparable and I think she’s the one I want to marry. But she is keeping a huge secret from me. (Rest of the story in comments section) RP.
You may've accidentally had a little too much fun during the swap class semester...the final is on friday and no amount of baggy clothes can hide this from her when you give it back. But as it happens the day of the test your old body got hit by a train, so now this body (both of them) are yours.
“Hmmm, definitely need new jeans, what do you think Mia?” “Fuck off dude, don’t ogle me like that!” “Hey, don’t talk back to be bitch, we’re in this together!” My sister and I fused last night, and no one knows why. We both have to share one body, but I’m starting to get tired of sharing
Swapping with my mother-in-law to find out if my wife was cheating wasn’t too bad. In fact it was easy, especially because she looks like this. Its a pity her husband is dead, I wonder if she’s being fucking her daughter? She can’t be handling the boners well…maybe she could fuck me… (rp wanted)
I was stuck in traffic just trying to get home whe I looked over at the car beside me and see this girl with her tits out. Next thing I know is I'm looking at my old body as I'm being driven away. "No wait.." I reach a hand up to the car window
I have an abusive dad. He calls me names, humiliates me, slaps me and spanks me. Today I decided that I had enough. I went to my high school and I took over my crushes body. Only thing I forgot was that my dad can track me by my phone usage… That’s the whole story doctor!
If I'd known that I'd end up accidentally transporting myself to this world, where women are the ones who have breasts, I definitely wouldn't have given into my wife's pressure and gotten that boob job. She said it made me look so much more masculine... not so much in this world though! AMA.
My professor was a bitch. She’d get mad at anyone who asked too many questions and badger students. I may have asked one too many questions in biology…about tits. I flunked the exam and asked for extra credit. I wake up the next day in her bod. “Miss Hazel, how is this extra credit?”
"Let me go freak!" I shouted at my sister who just smiled from my body. Our friends were going camping for the weekend but just yesterday my sis got grounded so she couldn't go. So she swapped our bodies and then as I was confused, tied me up so I couldn't prevent her from leaving in my body (rp)
My father and I never saw eye to eye, that was until the great shift landed us in the bodies of the lesbian couple down the street. Now not only do we see eye to eye, but also mouth to mouth and pussy to pussy.
(Lit RP) That look when you've been sent to a family friend to correct your "unruly behavior" and they turn you into a blonde haired sissy:
I had gone on a trip to the Republic of Korea (South Korea) as part of my goal to travel to all the countries in the world. Well it turns out that I had broken an artifact from the time an empress ruled. Um can someone help me please? (Rp)
Swapping with my step-daughter whilst my wife was away was not something I had intending on doing. She was a witch and cast the wrong spell which caused us to swap bodies. She wouldn’t have to deal with periods but I knew she was struggling when i caught her trying to jerk off…(rp wanted)
I was always the center of attention when I wore this bodysuit, and I loved it. "Remember that time you pantsed me at the mall" I say loud enough for people to hear, I loved feeling helpless and I made myself as helpless a
I was always the center of attention when I wore this bodysuit, and I loved it. "Remember that time you pantsed me at the mall" I say loud enough for people to hear, I loved feeling helpless and I made myself as helpless a
I was attending a boring lecture when my world was turned upside down. Suddenly I found myself outside, a chilly wind touching my bare skin. What had happened to my body, why was it...!? In my hand I held what I could only assume was a magic book, but the writing looked like gibberish...
I got a DM from a girl named Hana.the.Bunny asking if I wanted to rent her for the weekend. I accepted and the next thing I know I’m standing in her bedroom in a bunnysuit! Her next message said to have fun but the bunnysuit stays on! RP in comments!
All my son’s friends love coming over to our pool. It helps that it has a magical power to swap bodies if you know the right ritual! It’s nice to spend time as a young guy and know my son better from a male perspective. And his buddies love taking turns being me!
“I can’t believe my sister did this to me” I say to you over FaceTime. My sister wanted to go to a party but wasn’t allowed since she was only 18 and wasn’t old enough to drink yet, so she swapped bodies with me and went in my body now I’m just talking to you trying to get over what happened (rp)
i hope youre ok with me going to highschool braless (18)
Someone stole my body months ago. I used to be a flat, nerdy girl. I get a message in my DMs. It's me, or looked like me. I had tattoos and a boob job. "Want your body back? Almost done stretching out your pussy " That bitch was ruining me for any normal guy 😭. (RP)
Fusion Therapy - Part Three
I was struggling in college and failing, in order to pass I had to swap with the Asian chick who was top of the class. She was interested in having a penis and what it was like to have so much testosterone. She was a nerd after all. Here we are laughing after she cums for the first time…(rp wanted)
“Heh, sorry.” My uncle grunted from my wife’s Emma’s body. Emma rolled her eyes behind me as I carry our drinks back to the table. We decided to have dinner with my family a few months after the Shift, but maybe this was a bad idea.
A few nights ago my sister and I were home alone when there was this big green flash of light in the sky. Suddenly we swapped bodies. I just sent her this on a text a few minutes ago saying. "Miss your old body?" (RP open)
I stare across the lawn at my girlfriend. Well, she’s currently not my girlfriend. A weird package swapped me with the old guy next door, and I’ve been stuck like this for a week. Shit, I think she saw me again.
I was always competitive, so when my girlfriend said I couldn't handle her workout routine I had to prove her wrong. I got this supplement to make it easier and after a couple months I made more progress than she has! "Still don't think I could do it babe?"
Pounded by bro
I had gone on vacation with my sisters, aunt and mother. Then you wrote to me that you want to relax too, so I allowed you to possess one of my family members. Who will you choose?
When I stole Nathan’s sister’s body, he told me not to do anything inappropriate to her. Luckily, you and I came up with some legal loopholes. I’m not flashing anybody, I’m just jumping and making sure this body gets exercise. She, I’m a good guest
Well its seems I've hit second puberty! I didnt even know it was a thing but now I'm a woman... Ugh this is so embarrassing (RP)
Hayley Atwell
Severance at the Swap Clinic - Part Four
Arrrrgh A vast me hearties! That sea witch cast a spell on me turning me into this huge uddered sea cow. I’m still ye captain and ye scalawags will do as I say. Step back I say! Stop looking at me that way you Lilly lovers! I command respect! Put ye pants back on, stop…….
I set her phone up on her desk and couldn’t believe what I was seeing, I woke up in a room i’d never seen before and more importantly in a body i’d never seen before! I was so nervous looking at myself, I was so distracted from what was going on, all I could do was stare
I stand in the living room miserably as my younger sister walks out the door with my body and my boyfriend. She even smirks at me on the way out! Why didn’t he believe me?
Do any of you know of movies or TV shows/episodes where women body swap with animals, either temporarily or permanently?
My mother-in-law was getting impatient about grandkids so she decided to steal my body and take care of it herself. At first I was horrified to be my own wife’s mom recently I’ve come to really enjoy the new me. The vacations my new husband takes me on are particularly great.
The Lottery - Part Two
As a transitionary for the CIA, my job is to assist secret agents with their cover identities. The best part of my day is teaching hardened ex-marines all the features of their transformed, female bodies. "Let's do that one again. And, this time, moan in russian."
OK, now I get it. I thought it was unfair that my ex-girlfriend turned me into a busty woman when I told her that I was a "tit guy." Now that my boyfriend has been wearing out his line about being a "breast man," he's lucky I don't have my ex's power. That, and how lovable the big lug usually is.
I was at a new years party when I bump into this drunk girl suddenly our bodies swapped I ran off into a random bedroom now I'm taking pictures of my new body (rp always wanted)
"So now that you've seen what she wearing under her skirt can you please stop talking about her?" You were obsessed with your crush Tiffany. Everyday you'd fantasize about her. One day I had enough and used my swap powers to swap our bodies and I was hoping giving you a sneak peak would satisfy you.
We didn’t know why our moms sent us to this summer camp or what was so special about it. But after almost a week it’s coming apparent they’re putting something in our food. Rp
"Alright dude we changed our grades we're so gonna pass the class I'll bet she won't even notice..what do you mean I gotta stay her till after the semester..that wasn't the deal!" We were failing history class and you got the bright idea that I should swap with our teacher to change our grades.
Another night, another camgirl session. I'd been watching the same chick for months, but tonight was different. She smiled directly into the camera, and blew a kiss. Then, I blacked out, before coming to in a different place
You worked for Kylie Jenner. All this time you’ve been jealous of her life. Her body, fame, family. You knew you’re bf liked her so much. Finally you decided it was time to make your dream come true. At the house party you decided to posses her finally.
Ultimate Shemale Compilation
It's been a a few days since this woman swapped our bodies. She seems to enjoy being young and fit again a lot. I figured maybe I should get her body into shape. Perhaps she'll be inclined to swap us back then? She laughed when I told her this though... What do you think, am I on the right track?
Been in my new mount for nearly a month now. I may have been having so much fun that I've neglected to keep up with shaving but I'm starting to like it
Monthly Contests and February’s Post Contest
It’s too late. All four of my friends went to party in violation of the global lockdown against the Slut Flu. I was driving trying to ignore my tits growing when my brother and girlfriend started losing it. My brother now it in love with my girlfriend’s new dick, and I’m trying so hard not get horny
I was laying on the couch I fell asleep When I wake up I feel dizzy, my body feels different... On the floor a note "during years you have lived making fun of others thinking that you were better, so now enjoy your life like this!" Do your worst
Real or swapped p2: it came time for my performance, I stepped out on stage and started to sing, I couldn’t keep my hands off my body. I hope it wasn’t too noticeable to the audience. I hope they believed I’m the real dua so I can win
What the fuck do you mean by cumlocked? I ask with shock in my eyes, you betrayed my trust after getting me to pity you. You were a virgin and I knew you'd never lose it on you own, so I offered to become a girl just for a night, but after busting a nut in my mouth, you admit the truth.
She was the cute girl next door. She was a recluse, I’ve never seen her leave her house. I’d only catch glimpses of her. That all changed last week. Her curtains were always open, and she’d wear revealing clothes. Sometimes, no clothes at all, and spend all night at parties. What happened
[F4M] "whoa!? Something is different. My room wasn't like this when I went to sleep! And.... who's body is this?!" Looking to accidentally take over this girl and live out her life doing whatever I feel like! (Rp)
Swapping with my step-dad whilst my mom was away was not something I had intending on doing. I was a witch and cast the wrong spell which caused us to swap bodies. I didn’t have to deal with periods but he knew I was struggling when he caught me trying to jerk off…(rp wanted)
Oh yeah honey I'm really hating your body, I mean god I hope you turn me back soon so I can just be a man again. I lied to her, ever since she turned me into her clone I've been secretly loving it. If she finds out she might just turn me into a toad or something...
Did you ever want a second shot at uni? Maybe you're in uni now and things aren't going so well. If any of this sounds like you, you're in luck! Let's hop Into some of my old classmates and try uni again! This time from the other side of the gender fence (RP, irtr)
Updated Rules Page and New Rules
I had been begging this girl to send me nudes when suddenly I passed out when I woke up I was in her body sitting on the ground looking at my phone (rp always wanted)
We were best friends. When you died, you decided to stick around and haunt me. You had been pestering me to find you a new body, so I decided to shut you up by putting you in the girl I had been seeing. Temporarily, obviously!
You died in a tragic accident 25 years ago. But now all the sudden, you find yourself in the body of a 20 year old girl in a somewhat familiar bedroom. When you look at the desk, you see pictures of the girl and her parents—a man and your former wife, who remarried after you died. (RP)
"A little tight? Of course it's tight - it's a compression garment." If dad's grumbling was annoying before, they're worse with my girlfriend's voice. If only she hadn't broken her leg before her big day at the Olympics, I wouldn't be spending weeks playing the part of his boyfriend in Beijing
I was the kid you bullied in class. For revenge, I was going to use a hypnosis spell to turn your sister into my girlfriend just to make you mad, but it was a body swap spell instead. This result isnt too bad either (RP)
I got a DM from this girl asking if I wanted to rent her for the weekend. I accepted and the next thing I know I’m standing in her bedroom in a bunnysuit! Her next message said to have fun but the bunnysuit stays on! RP in comments!
When i found a tribe of male fairies i asked if i could join them. You came up to me and used some fairy dust to turn me into a fairy. But something went wrong and when i woke up i was the only female fairy in the entire village, and i was a sexy one at that
My mom desperately asked me to swap bodies with her for our vacation with my dad, something about just not wanting to deal with him for 2 weeks. Looks like i’m going to be a wife for 2 weeks! (AMA)
I had gone on vacation with my sisters, aunt and mother. Then you wrote to me that you want to relax too, so I allowed you to possess one of my family members. Who will you choose?
I’m on a show called real or swapped. Basically singers swap with regular people who then perform a show as them. The audience then votes if they think their real or swapped. If you convince them you’re real, you win. I’m Dua lipa and my friends are teasing me about being a woman
“Yeah sorry guys I’m too tired I’m just go to bed without dinner” I left my family to go to bed while they had dinner “ugh I feel so much better” yawning “and lighter?” going to a mirror to see myself as a woman “Ahhhhhhh!!!” My feminine scream echoed the house as I stood In front of my mirror
My slut of a neighbor invited me over. I thought she was making a booty call. Turns out, she just regretted getting all these implants and such done. She gave me some wine, put a ring on my finger, then I woke up hours later on her couch…in her body!
You had lost your sister to an accident a few years ago, you couldn't stand being alone anymore. You chose me, your neighbours son, Brandon. Using your mothers magic book, you took me from my home and turned me into a copy of your sister, hiding me in the basement, waiting for me to wake up. (RP)
So horny
Test your strength. Only look at my face.
We used the potion to turn into the hottest girls in the school. My friends said it was so that we could see them nude and take some pictures but once we changed it became apparent they had other plans. "Engorgio" I heard as my chest began to swell, then their hands started going everywhere.
There’s this new reality show where normal people are swapped with famous singers and have to perform to a crowd. The crowd then votes if they believe you are real or swapped. I managed to get Dua lipa (a shock cause they have a no gender swap rule). I’m about to perform but my friends flirting
I have to go into witness protection. They FBI decided to give me a new body. I thought itd be similar but little do I know im going to be a woman... in fact.. one of these women (RP)
This bodysuit always made me the helpless center of attention, I loved it. "Remember the time you pantsed me at the mall" I would always bring up fake situations just loud enough for people around to hear, stuff like "did you have to pick this top my boobs.. I feel naked" &amp; "babe, I have a wedgie".
You couldn't belive it. Your manager was a total asshole but this? This was crazy! He pulled up some super obscure clause in the employee contract to steal this late new here's body. "Daniel! Those shelves aren't gonna stock themselves!"
Me and my sister had swapped bodies as a punishment by our mom since we were always arguing now I got to live out her life first I have to go to the gym then college (rp always wanted)
The gender swap virus swept through campus. We were careful and wore masks anytime we went out. Unfortunately, it wasn’t enough and we all got infected. (RP)
"Come on! You can't stay mad at me for loooong~ It wasn't even really my fault..." When the great shift swapped me into your crush you were terrified... then I dyed my hair pink, and started dressing in leather and all sorts... but I was so cute it was hard to be angry! Plus... I kept teasing you!
Who knew that Billie would be so different after her trip to Spooky Island? It’s not like she’s a different person right? I wonder if she picked up any inspiration there…something definitely positive has gotten under her skin! Maybe this will be a game changer!
I have a problem. My stalking neighbor disappeared recently, and now, all these women are messaging me and sending me pictures of themselves. I don’t know what to think… or do! But I feel like my neighbor is a part of this somehow. Wait, who’s texting me now? (RP)
Me and my wife was messing about with spells, they turned us both in to the opposite sex, we decided to try sex in our new bodies, unknown to my wife, if she got her love juice into my new womanhood then the spell was permanent, Woops , I love my new body , why would i give it up.
After I transformed you into a girl for bullying me I made it so you were obsessed with my dick and wanted me so bad but didn’t know why
At a family reunion something happened causing everyone to switch bodies and lives. People ended up as kids with the lives of grandparents, things were crazy. Me however I was swapped with my thot of a cousin Beth and my life was swapped with her dog. I am still me but I act like a dog now(rp)
(Sub mtf 4 A) How I lost my body, and life to my one-eyed roommate
I really didn't think that wearing my gorgeous friend Lily's bra while she was out would have me waking up as her in the morning! I've always wanted this, but I feel that I might start to get overwhelmed by all the attention!.. Oh well.. I get to fill those bra cups...
After the wish to be closer with his girlfriend Mary had gone haywire, Nick was shocked to find himself a woman. Even more so, nobody knew about him being anything but! Well, at least he still found something to bond with her over - her boyfriend!
My best friends wife and I was talking how she wished to be single again and how I just wanted to be married already. I thought the conversation was just hypothetical til I woke up in bed with my best friend. Rp
I joined a service fraternity to add to my résumé and get volunteer hours. They really weren’t the helpful lot, however, they were just regular frat douches. I was going to leave, but hey told me there was a way to get my hours. They changed me into a woman, and now I’m the one at service for them
“Sis you’ve gotta stop gender bending me in my sleep” after my sister found out she could swap peoples genders she would do it to me every night “and every time you make my tits bigger I already bought bras now I have to buy more” I don’t know when this will end
Video call dates were boring, you couldn’t get a true feel for someone through a screen- so I hop them and get a true experience before deciding on a second date.
Yeah...no way am i falling for the something on my chest shit again man. This road trip has been long enough without you making lame jokes.
I should have been way more specific when I wished that people would notice me. I was just tired of being the geek no one cared about. But when the genie changed reality so that I had been born female... well, people do notice me a lot more, now. But I'm still the geek I used to be!
[GM4A] The Helpful Choker!
"Ugh, I hate this. I hate these fat tits, I hate these skimpy clothes, I hate being chubby, I hate being a mom, I hate being a wife," I ranted to the mirror. When my neighbor stole my life, absolutely no one believed me. I had no choice but to pretend to be her or be locked up in some psych ward...
the doctor said I need to relax more, my step-sister will help with this
Thrown into the body of a female professional Valorant/CS player!
I had no friends so I decided to take a xchange and go to a party it's been great so far no one knows who I am (rp always wanted)
Do you believe in ghosts? Creatures in the night? Monsters under your bed? You should. They may seem imaginary, but that is only a lie to let you fall asleep. They’re here, and they have a list for human flesh and skin. If they don’t kill you, they will replace you, and nobody will ever know
I think I can understand now why she just sits in front of her typewriter wearing nothing but boxers. At the end of the day I can't wait to shed everything and just be me. She's also been jerking off a lot lately, she doesn't do it in front of me but I can tell by all the used tissues. Poor di-! (6)
My roommate loves playing pranks on me. I was settling down to have a nice bath after work when I used some body wash he’d left on the side. Within seconds I’d turned into a woman. What the hell was in that body wash?! (RP)
With Jabba's original body near death, one of his special service droids moves in quickly to transfer his mind into a brand new body, though the only body nearby at the moment was one of his many Twi'lek slaves (RP)
Need someone to become my aunt and or make some posts about her
I walked into my dorm after a long day of classes and football practice. I see a beautiful girl taking a selfie. I stare at her and then look at the door to my room. Yep, I’m in the right room. “Hey miss, I think you might be in the wrong room” (RP)
I was loving my new bodysuit, and I got the impression you were too. So I knew it’d be a win-win if I invited myself over to your place for a soak in the hot tub. Gotta make sure my suit is waterproof, right?
Your parents needed you to get a girlfriend, so they hired me! You began reading the brochure. Here at GirlfriendsOnDemand™ we’re committed to providing you the best experience money can buy. Warning! Please do not tamper with performer’s suit or compromise their identity. Liability may be incurred.
I made a time machine to go back to the 1940’s to see what it was like. But once the machine worked and i realized i had no way to return to my own time, i walked to a cafe. I then saw you sitting with another person. You were my grandma and i couldn’t help but stare. You saw me and you…(continue rp
I think I can understand now why she just sits in front of her typewriter wearing nothing but boxers. At the end of the day I can't wait to shed everything and just be me. She's also been jerking off a lot lately, she doesn't do it in front of me but I can tell by all the used tissues. Poor di-! (4)
Blowjob queen
With Jabba's original body near death, one of his special service droids moves in quickly to transfer his mind into a brand new body, though the only body nearby at the moment was one of his many Twi'lek slaves
I started working as a pool boy in a wealthy neighborhood. These MILFS are to die for! Especially Mrs. Silva... after I’m done cleaning the pool I like to hop in her body and play around !
“So you’re telling me another week…..In your body? But these cravings are getting to hard to handle!” I moan to my bitchy boss who used her powers to swap us for her own gain.
I'm giving my body away, you can use it for any reason you want and do whatever you want with it! I love seeing what people do and being completely ignored when I ask people to stop. Let me know if you're interested! [possession preferred]
About to begin our final game for the season, I shake hands with the other team captain, who I had a big rival with since forever. But as we do, suddenly we're looking back at our own bodies! Now we both don't know what to do! We don't want to win for the other's team! What should I do?
Is she hot enough? (M23) (M24)
"Why am i looking like that..and why is my best friends number in this Phone with a heart??" Im standing there in a womens body, which is also amazingly hot. I sent you this picture "you have to come over, its me your best friend (..)"
I was your neighbor’s nineteen-year-old daughter, Brooke. Until we woke up in each other’s bodies. We didn’t know it but the swap was permanent. (RP in chat. I would prefer a non-sex-focused RP)
Ever since my brother and me swap bodies I told him the only way for us to switch back is with him swallowing his old cum I told him it takes a couple of attempts and he gets more into it each time
When you and your aunt swapped body, she made you continue living her life so no one finds out. By starting with your outfit and going to her job. Don’t do anything she wouldn’t do…
[M2F4A] An unfortunate swap.
The most annoying part is that she makes me wear a full outfit everyday, even on weekends! I guess it's nice I don't have to go out and pretend to be her all the time, but I do have to be ready to welcome the unexpected visits of her agent and the occasional meeting. I get so many stares, ugh! (4)
The Lottery - Part One
Ever since my brother and me swap bodies I told him the only way for us to switch back is with him swallowing his old cum I told him it takes a couple of attempts and he gets more into it each time
“Honey I don’t know what your talking about I never had a best friend named James. We’ve been married 4 years. What’s wrong with you this morning? Rp
I had been pushed off the platform while waiting for a train to New York. I thought I had died but no when I came to I was standing in a room I don't remember and I guess my name is now Eva.
I watched as YOU seemed to make a friendly bet on the beach with a stranger. before I knew it YOU were doing all these weird games. Then I seen it…YOU lost, I knew it wasn’t a friendly bet now by the look on your face and the pill he pulled out. This bet was HUGE! But YOU looked so hot after!!!
I swapped with my psychiatrist because she didn’t seem to understand how it felt to be in the wrong body. Maybe next session she will be more understanding. Meanwhile I get to take her body on a wild ride. I’m definitely gonna have some fun as a sexy psychiatrist.
I felt embarrassed, I had made an off handed comment about a larger woman and she swapped our lives. I had to watch as she turned into a guy and stepped into my life as I started to transform and balloon outwards and become a fat chicken in her life. I ran to my new home and looked at my sad body(rp
I'm trying to explain to my girlfriend that me and her roommate somehow swapped bodies during that power surge. "Babe! It's me in here!" I say sitting on her bed trying to get her to believe me. I can't help but smirk each time I look down. This could be interesting.
Before the Great Shift, I was a middle aged father of four, and a proud Republican. Now I’m halfway across the country as a big titted butch lesbian! Worse, I’m doing Gender Studies *shiver*. At least I don’t need to be with a guy, I guess...
"Babe, me and Sarah found a body swap idol! We want to use it with each other, but only if you and Sarah's boyfriend swap too! It'll be fun!" my girlfriend (left) texts me with this photo of the both of them. I guess I should ask Sarah's boyfriend about the idea. It does kinda turn me on...
When I swapped bodies with my best friend I didn’t know he had this relationship with his little sister I was so confused the first time she asked me to fuck her in my friends body well she didn’t know it was me
Fuck! I hate my sister when she takes such excessive revenge! Just because I told her she looks like a whore in her new dress, I don't think I deserve this!
My girlfriend got sick right before our big vacation. I couldn’t cancel the trip, so I decided to get her brother to swap with her. Who’d have thought he was so good at impersonating her? He’s even more fun!
The deal was simple: I volunteer to be your sissy trophy wife and you use your influence to get my little brother out of jail. That was a year ago and he's since turned his life around, going back to school and staying on the straight and narrow. Me? I've gone through some changes of my own (Lit RP)
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP AND VENOM POSSESSION AND WANT TO BE SHE VENOM
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP AND VENOM POSSESSION AND WANT TO BE SHE VENOM
When I swapped bodies with my best friend I didn’t know he had this relationship with his little sister I was so confused the first time she asked me to fuck her in my friends body well she didn’t know it was me
Young women were getting radicalized by terrorists on platforms like TikTok, Snapchat, and Instagram. Before it spread any further the President sent us, his two most badass agents, to go undercover in the field. So we needed to swap with these girls... to save AMERICA!
My life was a joke. I then wished for a new life at a witch and now i am this girl. I dont want a pussy (roleplay wanted from the start)
Man, bodysuits are just so unnecessarily complex! My aunt makes me wear panties and leggings underneath to avoid getting an UTI. I just don't get why you'd wear so many layers if nobody will see them. Oh! Is that why? And I thought it was her broad hips and fat flat pussy what made me so wet! (5)
Snuck in to my beautiful busty pale friend Lilys room at a party and couldn't help but wear her bra... It barely fit. I've had fantasies of being in her perfect body ever since school, Who knew that later on that exact wish would come true... And would i be able to handle all this attention?
My BFF's mom was driving me home after dropping my friend at campus. We stayed the night in a hotel. As soon as I closed my eyes, I felt the bed twirl and then I realized I was naked under the sheets. I turned the lights on, looked myself in the mirror and I was her mom! Someone knocking, help! [RP]
When I turned my bosses wife into a skinsuit I didn’t expect to have a need and want to wear her , yet when I did I felt whole, that night my new husband made love to me his cum entering me and making the suit fuse completely my original body lost to me, yet I just smiled as I stole everything (Rp)
My best friends wife and I was talking how she wished to be single again and how I just wanted to be married already. I thought the conversation was just hypocritical til I woke up in bed with my best friend. Rp
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP AND VENOM POSSESSION AS WELL AS WANTING TO TURN ME INTO SHE VENOM
The signs where everywhere 'Danger Don't Swim in Lake' I didn't heed the warnings though and I jumped in. I didn't surface in my world though when I surfaced I was looking like this and I don't know how to get back to my world. (Rp
About to begin our final game for the season, I shake hands with the other team captain, who I had a big rival with since forever. But as I do, we're suddenlywe're looking back at our own bodies! Now we both don't know what to do! We don't want to win for the other's team! What should I do?
After I transformed you into a girl for bullying me I made it so you were obsessed with my dick and wanted me so bad but didn’t know why
My sister said she was having marriage issues because her husband couldn’t satisfy her, so she asked me to help. I swapped bodies with her to help figure it out, and since her husband was worthless anyway, i just went ahead and found this guy, and he fucks so much better, time to be a sexy hotwife
Feeling bored so reply to this and ill change you
I signed up for a study abroad program through my school. I was really excited for it and my host family seemed really nice. They told me all about how their daughter recently passed away and that I’d be staying in her old room. When I woke up, I looked like this! And my phone case was pink. (RP)
Of course you easily believed me when I lied to you and told you cum was the only cure for the gender curse set on you, magic was my forte You were just usually around for the ride... but eventually You’d have to figure it was a lie.
YOU thought it would be funny to go buy one of them new and improved bodysuits that could make YOU look like anyone in the whole world! YOU decided to pick your BIG HUGE best bud’s ex gf, to prank him and piss him off….but I don’t think it went the way YOU had planned out in YOUR head!
My friends play real world prophunt, swapping into household objects while the remaining human hunts. Brian's body keeps trying to suck my dick - a solid clue he's swapped with this sex doll, though he refuses to drop the act and admit defeat. Perhaps I can tickle the truth out of him
I didn’t know it at the time, but a demon had taken over my girlfriend. To me though, all it seemed was my girlfriend was much more eager and horny than usual. I loved it, but little did I know, I became weaker and weaker every time I came, and the demons wanted my body as well
I really wanna chat and fantasize about being magically transformt into things (and/or people) and used by KIk LVS1124 or REDDIT Chat
Of course you easily believed me when I lied to you and told you cum was the only cure for the gender curse set on you, magic was my forte You were just usually around for the ride... but eventually You’d have to figure it was a lie.
You know you shouldn’t. She’s your best friend since you were kids. But you’ve always wanted to have her life. You wanted her boyfriend, her body. You wanted to be Karla Campos. Finally you decided to posses her while you both went back to her place. Finally she was all yours.
I was telling my girlfriend about a device that my friend made. He said it could swap bodies. We turn it on and nothing. Turns out the idea got her so turned on we made out. I was just about to lick her pussy when I'm suddenly out in the hall. I look down and see I was swapped with my mom.
"Oh god babe what happened" you said as you felt older and I was shrinking, my form becoming younger. A curse had been placed on you to turn you into a milf, well you need to be a Mom to be a true milf so it looks like the curse is turning me into your kid. I looked up as you started to lactate(rp)
Man, bodysuits are just so unnecessarily complex! My aunt makes me wear panties and leggings underneath to avoid getting an UTI. I just don't get why you'd wear so many layers if nobody will see them. Oh! Is that why? And I thought it was her broad hips and fat flat pussy what made me so wet! (4)
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
Hey guys I’m looking for someone to possess and feminize/sissify my body I’m open to pms and would love to hear from you guys thanks
After I transformed you into a girl for bullying me I made it so you were obsessed with my dick and wanted me so bad but didn’t know why
Me and my daughter had swapped bodies somehow she insisted I still go to the party with her new boyfriend as I sit their he whispered in my ear enjoy your new body mr harris (rp wanted)
You know you shouldn’t. She’s your best friend since you were kids. But you’ve always wanted to have her life. You wanted her boyfriend, her body. You wanted to be Karla Campos. Finally you decided to posses her while you both went back to her place. Finally she was all yours.
“Its definitely cute ‘n all but you can’t expect me to wear this right?” I asked as my girlfriend tugged the straps of the lingerie she gave me to wear after the swapping with her bestie for the weekend. “The guys’ll be here soon and we promised them a make over. It’s just for tonight it’ll be fun!”
After three or four so very awkward but so very much fulfilling orgasms, I get ready to start my day. Luckily aunt Luiza is a writer so she usually just stays home in boxers almost all day in front of her desk. While I take care of most of the chores and work on my career plans for next year. (3)
I invited you over after I was the only one affected by the Great Shift, hearing the doorbell I opened the door to you “hehe, hey there dude, this isn’t what you expected is it with the whole me being a girl” I stand looking up at you with a nervous smile “are you ok, come inside you seem off”
“Hey, Sherry? Come on, this isn’t funny!” I whined into the webcam just for it to shut off. One too many comments about my neighbor’s fashion sense, age, and job later and I found myself standing on the other end of a random video call and in her house!
I despised my neighbors. It was the typical trophy wife and older man couple you hear about. She married him for his money and not much else. It disgusted me. She was plastic from head to toe. But I shouldn't have said anything. I should have kept my mouth shut, because she decided to swap us...
(F4A) (Discord) Body Swap RP
The idea is to experience the nuances of womanhood firsthand. If being your hippie aunt wasn't awkward enough, picture swapping when she's going through her 2nd sexual awakening. I've been waking up so ridiculously horny, I can't help it! She says she's been dealing with morningwood the same way (2)
(M4AtF) Ever since you completely transitioned, your roommate hasn't been able to keep his eyes off of you~ You decide to tease him by interrupting his jerk off session, one thing led to the next, and now you're laying on your back, wishing that the condom separating you from his cum wasn't there~
“Women get it so easy” you said After I had stolen your body I had my way with you in my old body you changed your opinion
All families are odd but I betcha mine is the weirdest! On my mother's side, when a male is born into the family, he gets swapped with the youngest adult female in the previous generation for a year; as a feminist rite of passage. I'm my case it was aunt Luiza, she's 35 and not a morning person (1)
Ugh, I just caught my aunt rawdogging the cute girl nextdoor in the kitchen. They've been sexting all this time! She didn't care to tell me, nor asked for permission. That's, like, my body after all! I'm so mad right now I decided not wear anything and came straight to do the laundry instead! (7)
Both of us were aspiring actors, the shift was our gateway to fame and fortune! The newly made black widow film was an added bonus! Now we're the stars of the movie, you Scarjo and me Florence Pugh. "Best day ever, am i right?" I say as our photo gets taken.
You’re not sure why you of all people got a second chance at life, but now you have the chance to take over one of these bodies and start life anew. Who are you picking to live as forever? (RP welcome!)
My gf's big tits have never failed to get me off, but after a while she started asking me what sex is like as a man. So, for her birthday I got her this joke gift which was a device that could swap our bodies, turns out it actually works! I bet she enjoyed cumming on her own tits for her bday!
[M4F] Looking for any and all women who enjoy being body swapped or possessed. Details inside!
Today I was just mindlessly jerking off when the FOSE hit. I wasn't even sure if the person I was thinking off actually existed until now. Now I don't know where I am, or who I am. All I know is that I've gotta make it back home somehow...(RP)
"Anytime but now... please?" I glare at you... annoyed. For months I've been dressing up as a chick and live streaming so we can make rent... I thought you didn't know, but in reality you'd been spiking my food and drink with hormones... now I basically WAS a girl...
After jerking off to my celebrity crush over and over again my body was starting to feel helpless. I had so many orgasms just looking at the same picture of Blake lively. The part that I didn’t know was that if I jerked more than 10 times to one person it would turn me into them…
Real friends squirt together
I was a hitman who was hired by this woman to kill her ex-husband. However, she offered me extra if she could swap bodies with me so she could be the one to kill him. I agreed but only because of the big increase in payment. Here I am on the balcony, as I watch her walk towards her house(rp wanted)
(Part 2) A year after The Shift and a crap load of paperwork and lawyers, we won, we won the lawsuit saying these weren't our bodies, legally they now are. "Sooo... sarg, congrats on winning the lawsuit" Thankfully nobody suspected us of being criminals.(RP)
“Selina….what did you do? What was that idol you were trying to steal this time?” I ask you…it was another chase of the Bat and The Cat but this time…they swapped bodies due to a idol you tried to steal but now you lucked out. You were the Batman now…and one of the richest playboys in the world.
Sarah was obsessed with me and literally stalked me wanted me so bad but I didn’t want her so stole my sisters body and has been teasing and seducing me ever since
Anybody want to swap bodies with me?
Guys, guys help! There was this gypsy on the beach and she said for 10 bucks she could make me irresistible. Well it worked, I got half the men on the beach chasing behind me, what do I do? Guys? It’s me Pete!
I couldn't help myself, I got my Gf pregnant, but she wasn't ready to be a mum, she decided to swap our bodies, she decided to run away and leave me to become a single mum, it was strange at first but when I felt my baby kick , I knew I would be a good mum.
(GM4ApF) All the guys were raving about how they were finally able to fuck the women of their dreams thanks to this new VR gear~ You had to admit, it sounded pretty enticing. A whole world full of hot men and women for you to ride and grind against till you were cumming buckets, what's not to love?
*I had gotten drunk one night and accidentally took a xchange pill now I'm drunk as I order a uber to head home* (rp always wanted)
My sister was really worried her boyfriend was cheating on her, so she gave me an X-Change Pill and sent me on an undercover mission. Should be easy enough: stay out of sight, wait for him to flirt with a girl, and then take some pictures (RP)
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP AND I LOVE VENOM POSSESSION AS WELL AS SHE VENOM
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP AND ANYONE WHO WANTS TO TURN ME INTO SHE VENOM
I stood in the park stunned watching my body from across it look at me with the same look of astonishment. Apparently when I mumbled a wish about wishing I didn't have to go to work, this girl also made a wish and we ended up swapping bodies and lives. I just hope I'm able to talk to my old body(rp)
After we pulled off a bank robbery, we ran away from the cops. You had a remote device that let us change our bodies so we wouldn’t get caught. We both changed, and I turned into a girl. I saw you look up and down on me “really?” I saw the cops, “cops are here. Quick do something, kiss me!”
When my neighbor Amanda and I accidentally swapped bodies I did not see this coming. “Am I gay? I can’t believe Amanda has a cock! I kinda like it! “ anyone want to try and get me hard?
(GM4AtF) Your best friend had shown you a new way of making some quick cash. All you had to do was get yourself a Metaverse starter kit, use a cute anime girl as your avatar, and then get fucked for cash~ You forgot to disable sensations in the settings menu, and now you're addicted to getting bred~
My trip to the swap clinic had been successful, I was able to trade genders and age with a 20 year old girl, only loosing 4 years wasn't bad. But I had to take a kink of hers in the process. I took a pic for my gf, after I had just been fired for "lewd behavior" and not cleaning my face up. (Rp)
I created a fantasy transporter, I turned it on for a second and fell into a grassy field, a barn took me, they weren’t too fond of having a man in the area, so they turned me into a bunny woman, I was thrown into a den with a man to breed, “Holy crap this hurts” I say months later laying my eggs
Every summer I tormented my little sister while staying at our family cabin. She came back from her freshmen year of college rather excited about something she learned...
Not having medical insurance when you're in a life threatening accident really sucks. I have been saved but now I have to pay off the debt. Oh well only $305,000 to go and I get to show off my body
I knew it was a mistake to let you wear a suit of my girlfriend when she couldn’t come to the wedding. In just an hour you managed to make the bride cry, get absolutely wasted, and flash your ass to the whole party! How am I going to explain this? I oughta pull that mask right off your smug face
I was sick of my dad treating me terribly. Every night he’d call me “too weak for a real man” one night I had a dream that I was a gorgeous woman! When I woke up I realized it wasn’t only a dream! I had taken over her body! “Hey dad… you still think I’m too weak to be a man?”
Ryan was excited that his sister let him borrow her body to cosplay at comic con. That was before she knew what he was going to con as. She didn't seem to happy about his attire, especially when she realized he wasn't wearing any underwear.
YOU couldn’t believe how much you were enjoying being in this new hot body! YOUR starting to even forget what it’s like to be a man. Maybe your Co-worker was right to swap YOU both, as she said she would make a better man. And YOU would make a better slut. Seems correct so far!
My new massage oil seemed to work wonders. Clarissa was a prude but now she begged me to work it into her every pore. Soon enough my hand was grinding against her pussy and she was really into it until my hand slipped inside of her. "What the fuck" I pressed my hand further in, wanting to wear her.
My brother (2nd from left) got second puberty a year ago. Overall, he’s enjoyed going from Lucas to Lila and even still is with his girlfriend (left). Earlier this week, I (third from left) started showing changes as well. Lila invited her gf and her friend (my crush, right) for a sleepover (RP)
One day I dozed off in class in the middle of a lecture, and supposedly a little experiment went down, next think you know I wake up in my teachers body. And ever since then I've been feeling weird, both my mind and body have been acting up and I don't know why, can someone help me? (DM To Roleplay)
“I’ve finally done it!” I think to myself as I managed to complete my first ever possession. I quickly took this photo of myself and put it on reddit with the caption: “I’m looking for someone to help me have some fun in this new body. Message me if interested”. (RP)
YOU had swapped bodies with your bud’s girlfriend for a prank! YOU dressed up and headed out with her in YOUR body. YOU ended up back at your bud’s place as you got too drunk and he was the only person to ask!BUT now YOUR staring at his big MEAT…do YOU tell him it’s a prank now!
Anybody want to swap bodies with me?
After a simple mistake at a parent-teacher's conference where my mom defended my side of an argument,the teacher put it into her own hands to fix the problem. Now,I'm stuck in my mother's body,forced to dance against my will do to the gold bracelet keeping me in here. I just want to be free! (RP)
Guys, guys help! There was this gypsy on the beach and she said for 10 bucks she could make me irresistible. Well it worked, but she changed me into this Busty bikini babe! Now I got half the men on the beach chasing behind me, what do I do? Guys? It’s me Pete! Oh not you guys too..AAAGH….*Running..
A few minutes after trying on my mom's dress, I began to notice my body transforming to fill it out. She must not have worn this dress for some time now, because I look like a version of her from a year after I was born, and my tits feel so damn heavy, probably with all that milk sloshing around!
I’m coming out but don’t freak out ok? Remember we each are going to take turns to get the female prospective to sex and that you become the woman you fantasize about the most. Well for me, (Steps out) It’s your Mom. Ben? We still doing this?
I was a powerful sage who had untold magical power, but even I wasn’t invulnerable. My apprentice, in her jealousy poisoned me which caused me to transform into a futa. That’s not all however since Im hearing strange whispers that tell me to obey her. (RP)
Sarah was obsessed with me and literally stalked me wanted me so bad but I didn’t want her so stole my sisters body and has been teasing and seducing me ever since
Until an hour ago, I was a male college professor in my 30's. Then my colleague's experiment exploded and everyone in the building got randomly body-swapped. Being in this body is so strange, I had to duck into the bathroom. These yoga pants feel incredible on my student's, I mean, MY legs and ass!
I used to be a trucker driving all over the country. My load for the trip was some secret experimental liquid. Not really questioning it I had been driving around until I noticed some of the liquid had made its way through a crack. When I touched the liquid my body changed rapidly… ‘what the hell?’
You knew that your wife was going to rent her body out for a week to bring home a fair amount of money for you two. However, what you didn't expect was who would actually rent out her body. So you come home and find out that I rented it. (Who am I?)
"There now leave me alone" after waking up in my sisters body you have been trying your best to get me to show you her tits as we game. After loosing that bet you made me record the video of me pulling up her top. "Okay double or nothing?"(RP)
It was my 28th birthday I was feeling my age. My only wish was that I was younger like at an age where it's still acceptable for an adult to be in an emo phase. Well when I woke up the next morning I looked like this, I was in an unfamiliar room and I hear people downstairs (RP)
Last night for my friends birthday I thought I’d show up to his party as Brie Larson. When I woke up and received a text saying he fucked Brie Larson, I knew I fucked up
My twin sister and I could always swap bodies with each other. But as we grew older the longer it would take for us to swap back. She needed a brake from college and since I never went she thought swapping our bodies would make for a nice vacation "Sis! You can't do this, Kim's coming for date night
Love to discus swapping into milf
I was FaceTiming you while I looking around my sisters room while she was out on a date. When you noticed I slowly started to change. Rp
You didn’t believe me when I said I’d gotten my hands on a realistic body suit of Sophie, our cute coworker. So I thought I’d send you a little “gift” before work. “Thinking I might show up to work like this. Believe me now?”
YOU couldn’t believe how much you were enjoying being in this new hot body! YOUR starting to even forget what it’s like to be a man. Maybe YOUR boss was right to swap YOU and his Secretary! As he thought they way YOU acted around the office, YOU would make a better slut. Seems correct so far!
Exchange island soon became more and more popular. That’s when it became so developed and gentrified, only the super rich could afford it. However, they offer people ways in to the resort. Once you arrive, you replace another person, and they use you until they are satisfied
(M4F) I Want to be You Chat/RP
I was sick and tired of being a lonely virgin, so I called you, my best friend since childhood, and invited you over for some beers and movies. Unfortunately for you I had ordered a custom swap pill and planned to turn you into my celebrity crush, Emilia Clarke
I've always had a crush on my friend but she would never see me the same way, so I hired you as a bodyhopper to help me. What would you do first in her body?
Who wants to possess this body?
“Maybe you could stay the night” I had taken a xchange pill before a night out and I got a little tipsy, now I’m trying to get my friend to stay so we can totally just sleep
I woke up to a text of my friend ‘dude you won’t believe me but I fucked Brie Larson’. I feeling of disgust came over me as I realised I was Brie, I had transformed into her for his birthday party and I guess I had too many drinks
The year was 2095 and body hopping had become a global problem. Either via tech or inborn powers, hoppers nearly caused civilization to collapse. Luckily however, people with a certain genetic mutation were born, the Untouchables. (Continues in comments.) (RP)
It’s 2025, and fan-swap is the big thing. It basically allows people to rent out their bodies online to the highest bidder, who can then stay in their body for 12 hours With Tik-Tok shut down, a lot of Tik-Tokers are renting their bodies. I just purchased 12 hours as Lea Martinez, now for some fun!
My friend made a reality changers machine and I had an idea “Please don’t be mad, but I’ve always wanted to be a mommy even though I’m a man” rushing inside the machine and turning it on, my eyes open as I get up from bed “It worked it really did” in the house I hear “Mom come here!!” My face lit up
(Slice of life RP) “ok, please explain it to me again. How the fuck is turning me into a woman witness protection? How long am I going to be like this!?”
Charles had been running a dying comics shop when the Great Shift happened. Now Charlie, he's been able to bring in droves of customers using some creative marketing techniques.
When I opened my eyes I felt weird , tired with not much energy, I tried to move but I was tied to something, in front of me a screen with a spiral.
I must confess.. for the past year i’ve been secretly switching bodies with my sister a lot. It was just going to be a one time thing, but once I saw myself in the mirror..I felt sexy. First it was a few hours, then it was a few days..now i’ve been inside her body for 2 months. Is this wrong? (AMA)
"Is this good enough? Can we swap back now" I asked after sending Amy the video. I was making fun of her e-girl career and she swapped our bodies as a punishment, ordering me to do whatever she wanted. Little do I know that she wants to escape her life and doesn't intend to swap back.
“Eh…what are you talking about son? Is everything ok?” I respond from my moms body after performing the swap ritual. “Body swap? You might not want to say that too loudly or people might think youre a whack job!” I tease as I sit on the couch.
"Hey, son or should I call you dad now? Yeah, I made certain that no one would hit on your daughter. *slurping* yeah they have some ice cream, and it is delicious *slurping stronger* how is your daughter holding up in my body. Yeah I will pay attention to not act indecently in front of others"
Anybody want to swap bodies with me?
I waited till the last day my neighbors daughter left for college. I swapped our bodies as she hopped on the bus back to college. I wanted to be young again so I casted a spell to experience college life again (rp wanted
I was laying down in my bed, ignoring the fleshy thing which was throbbing. My friend and I had swapped bodies for fun. I was still a virgin because of religion. My phone vibrates and its pics from my old body and after looking at them, my hand is wrapped around my dick..shit he’s typing!(rp wanted)
“I don’t wanna swap back”, I was a treasure hunter who was ready to give it up. Brie convinced me to do this one last adventure with her. When we got the the temple it swapped our bodies, it’s now been a week and she thinks she knows how to swap back
"Karen, are you ok?" I asked my wife. "Hey sucker, only getting a record for the send for our neighboors. I think everyone should see my bitch body, i'm so hot to only you get a piece." Karen was hopped by a pervert who loved to expose her victims, the prude wife reputation was never the same.
Oh hi dad oh yeah I got hit by the great shift oh I'm just having meat.. you wanna give me your meat
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP AND VENOM POSSESSION CAN TURN ME INTO SHE VENOM
Venting Frustrations
My (f)irst attempt at doing a sexy dance video or maybe it's just silly? Either way I hope it brings a smile to your face
As one of the leading minds in superconductor research, I was a constant target for industrial espionage and kidnapping by rival companies. Finally, with surgery and my son's help, I can leave the house safely. Nobody will ever suspect his ditzy bimbo of a girlfriend could house the mind of a genius
My daughter in law and I had swapped bodies but we decided to stay swapped for longer. Fast forward to the present and here I am all dressed for a family event. Its a pity my son died, and im a single mom. However,it’s my former wife’s gender reveal. I can’t believe she fucks my wife! (Rp wanted)
As I was lying down to enjoy myself I grabbed my cock in my hands and started pumping. As I did the world suddenly spun and I was holding my cock wrong, as I pulled I didn't feel anything besides it slip out of me and that's when I realized I was someone else. I found out I was my neighbor Anne(rp)
“So you’re telling me another week…..In your body? But these cravings are getting to hard to handle!” I moan to my bitchy boss who used her powers to swap us for her own gain.
Lets swap
“Wait your turn!” We got trapped in a cursed, million dollar mansion. But because i was the first one to enter the curse only affected me. I turned into a stunning woman, and you are my male best friend. “Just ‘cuz we’re stuck in here doesn’t mean you can just bother me!”
YOU couldn’t believe how much you were enjoying being in this new hot body! YOUR starting to even forget what it’s like to be a man. Maybe YOUR boss was right to swap YOU and his Secretary! As he thought the way YOU acted around the office, YOU would make a better slut. Seems correct so far!
Your dumb wish made the world around you bend to your fantasy's whim, even a glance at me doing my daily routine could change me into a more desirable sight for the eyes. Much to my chargrin as I know the only way to return to normal is to get you off...
I was creepily watching my sister do yoga when it happened. We swapped. I'm not sure how or why, but I do know she inherited the raging hard cock I was packing from staring at her body. Which was now my body. And she doesn't seem to have quite as much control as I've built up
"Okay breathe you decided to swap so you can get this job. You can do it you can do it." I keep telling myself right before I'm called into my interview
Ever since I was infected with the Werewoman virus, I knew the day would come were i would not transform back in to my male body, well this morning it happened, after last nights full moon, I am now a woman permanently.
I was struggling in my new body. In the aftermath of the Great Shift, I lost my job and the previous skills I had. I’ve been unemployed for month, just like millions worldwide. I’ve had to result to selling my body to pay the bills. I just hope that I’m hot enough and showing enough to stand out
YOU found a bodysuit last week, hidden away in YOUR Dad’s closet. One night, YOU decided YOU would see how it feels. YOU sneaked through, grabbed it and threw it on, it felt great and natural! Not to mention YOU looked slutty in it but YOU didn’t know YOUR Dad’s BIG friend was staying over…uh oh
I was a fallen Angel before all of this. During my battle with a Demon, my body was annihilated, but my soul survived. I then attempted to destroy the Demon, but accidentally ended up both possessing and purifying her body. (RP)
The perfect body
"Dude look at me, what the heck, how did I end up like this?" I text panicked. When I went to sleep I was a man... and now?? DMs open
My friend went on a trip to Europe with his girlfriend. I wished that I could go but I was broke. Suddenly I was in her body ready for dinner! I’m keeping my swap a secret. I don’t want him to be mad and frankly the sex is too damn good! I never new my friend was so big🥵
When my wife was pregnant with my daughter 23 years ago, I swapped with her for the pregnancy so she didn’t have to deal with the pain. Well my daughter called her this morning and asked the best way to deal with the pain of pregnancy. Wish me luck (RP)
Blonde shemales Tyra Scott and Delia being naughty
“You were out late.” I murmur to my Unshifted girlfriend. It took awhile to get past the awkwardness of me being shifted into her best friend Anna, but I think we’re past that. She has been spending a lot of time with Anna, though.
This is just about the worst thing that ever happened to me, because of some stupid Medallion I was was trapped inside the body of my wife's sister. We really didn't want this getting out so we kept it quiet, I didn't like how comfortable she seemed to be getting with my wife...
I hear a knock at my front door “Yeah what do you want prick” it was my bully, and he had some remote in his hand “let me the hell in nerd” he pushed me back and locked the door, pressing buttons on the remote, my body turned into a woman’s “you look so hot now” saying as he starts to fuck me
What would it be like. (Mtf 4f)
“Bro what’s happened…why is my ass so big…why do I have makeup on…where has my cock gone!” You cried out as you start to realise your college 19 year old brother must have spiked your drink with something! And has changed you into a woman! But…it looks like he’s hard to!!!!
I've been taking over my step mom's body a few times a week. I was out of the house when I hopped into her this time and this is where I found myself.
So I stole an experimental bodysuit from my college and when I used it, it got stuck onto me and became a part of me. Now I'm a Korean chick with a huge ass and I'm forced to work as a teacher. The students are defos speaking about me. RP OPEN
“its so hard getting this soccer mom thing down after being the soccer star” one of my teammates mom didn’t like the way the spotlight wasnt on her son so she stole my body and is forcing me to go to now her soccer games and act like her so I can watch her play terribly while her son steals the show
When I got back from college to find that my mom had married a rich black man, that his son had taken my bedroom and that they'd totally usurped the house, I was shocked. But after his son had decided he wanted a PAWG and they forcibly feminized me, I don't think anything could surprise me (LIT RP)
When your girlfriend wanted you watch you fuck her friend you agreed. Not knowing it was a guy friend and you were going to be a women. Maybe she isn’t the only one enjoying it.
Anybody want to swap body with me?
My ex swapped bodies with me because she was heartbroken over the fact that I had ended our relationship. She wanted to me feel the ‘pain.’ Days went by and I was getting bored so I sent her this video showing off her old body to her. I wrote beneath it. “Swap us back!” Now shes typing…(rp wanted)
I finally possessed Laura’s body as a slime. After I called you over I showed you exactly where I entered through.
These weren't the heavenly bodies I expected to be exploring when I signed on to NASA. To maintain morale on deep space exploration, they decided that astronauts would be exchanged into volunteers back on Earth each month. This bimbo is currently 150 million miles away on her way to Mars!
My Mum swapped us for a “break” and even expects me to go to work as her,I don’t think her shirts really fit because I can’t get them to button up all the way.She only told me to do two things at work 1Do everything her boss tells me to do no matter what and 2Wear no underwear which is really weird.
I blow my load into your mouth, and you obediently swallow. After I "accidently" swapped our bodies, I convinced you the only way to switch back was to swallow your old body's cum. But I was tricking you, and instead you swallowing made the swap permanent! (RP?)
Ok agent Brody, not so tuff now when you’re no longer a 6’5” man. We will put you in with convicts that haven’t seen a woman in years until your ready to talk….(swipe second gif) LOL look at you, ready to talk? “Who are you, can I have more cum?”….. FOOLS!, he swallowed too much, now he is worthless
I har a stressful week as my examimation is just around the corner. I wish that i could escape this life for a moment. Then someone approach me from behind and said she could help. In a blink of eyes, i see myself smiling at me (rp wanted)(f2f)
“Wow, ok you were right. They are all natural. You can swap us back now. What do you mean you don’t know how? Isn’t it the same way you just swapped us?” (RP)
I was a basketball star making millions and my sister claimed she was better than me but I thought she was just jealous of my success. I told her i’ll stop her allowance and in response to this she swapped our bodies! Now im going to try seduce her wearing this to make her swap back…(rp wanted)
“What are we doing here? Why am I still in mom’s body?” Just six hours ago, you had thrown me into mom’s body against my will and had me do all of your chores around the house. Now? We were at the town center, and you weren’t telling me why… what do you have up your sleeve?
Choose my body- Gamer Girl edition!
I signed up for art class, figuring it was the easiest elective even though I suck at art. But on the first day, they tested our art skills and everyone who wasn’t good at art became a model for the semester. This is me, second from the left. (RP)
You had a crush on your friend for as long as you can remember. He was always so handsome but you knew he never felt the same. That is until you mysteriously swapped with his girlfriend. Now you kiss him knowing tonight he’s going fuck you the way you’ve craved for years!
Standing there in front of me with her mouth agape and slack-jawed, my body watched as I played with my new tits. I smiled, looked at her, and said, "Well mom, I told you already, these are mine now, I can do whatever I want!"
"I can work with these." Mark said as he looked over the body he'll be in for the remainder of his vacation. "Now it's time to start this trip with a bang. Which guy will I take back to the room with me?"
My friends and I had graduated from college and we wanted to look for jobs in a new state, maybe somewhere on the coast. But when my dad heard about this, he freaked and said we should “learn to appreciate the state we’re in!” Now we’re stuck as girls... and stuck in Texas!
"Welcome home, sweetie~" I was growing fond of teasing my girlfriend. After all, it is HER fault I got swapped with her mom. Her mom was strict, never letting her stay out late, even though she's twenty-one. So she wished her mom was as easy going as me. Well, she got her wish!
“This is so nice, I needed a vacation.” I say to my friend as I lie back and feel the breeze on my skin. Do I feel a little bad hopping his GF without telling him? Sure, but this trip is amazing! (RP/AMA)
So my name's Peter Parker and I was known as The Spectacular Spider-Man. I was fighting The Sinister Six when Green Goblin launched some laser beam at me causing me to wake up in a room with a bunch of suits. But which do I chose? RP OPEN
"I hope you had your fun teasing me at school!" I thought to myself as my astral form penetrated my Highschool bully's mother. I looked around in shock, gasping at the success. I wasted no time to pull out her phone camera. I hit record, and started stripping. "The boys at school will love this."
Swap class always starts a day before the midterm break,That gives people time to get comfortable in their new bodies,Ever since I got swapped with Amy I’ve been afraid to shower or even go to the bathroom,but 1 day in and I think I’ll be showering more.
I used a device that my father made on my girlfriend. It took away her soul while making her body empty. But unlucky for me you took the remote away from me. “What are you going to do? Go in her body? Put someone else in it or what?”
As an attorney at dad's law firm, we spent years arguing a client's case for the right of swapped individuals to date relatives, so long as the body is unrelated, establishing legal precedent. The next day, dad scheduled a business lunch. "I think it's time I made you a partner," he smiles
“Have a great night, Lana.” My husband said to me as he walked inside. Somehow, the storm last weekend swapped me with our babysitter, but we haven’t told my husband yet. I’ve barely gotten to see him…
“You we’re out late.” I murmur to my Unshifted girlfriend. It took awhile to get past the awkwardness of me being shifted into her best friend Anna, but I think we’re past that. She has been spending a lot of time with Anna, though.
Stealing her body? That was the easy part. Pretending to be her? That was a different story. I had hopped into my neighbor’s body thinking it would be a ton of fun, and it was, but I had no idea that her boyfriend was so… serious. (RP)I’ll play bf
Become my aunt
Hi i am rpbody
My friend is a virgin well he decided to fix that by turning me into a girl.I tried to fight him but he was now way stronger than me,He’s had me up like this for ten minutes and he doesn’t seem to be slowing down,I just pray he stops soon
I wake up, I don't know where, or who I am. This body feels unfamiliar. You come in. "What do you mean I'm your daughter? I have no memories" I say. I hear you mutter under your breath, "it worked perfectly." (RP Open)
"I've no idea how or why I'm controlling your body but, unless you give me access to your memories, I can't pretend to be you at this party" Sighing in my mind, my daughter relents, all her memories flooding into me. "Thanks!" Simultaneously, my memory of casting the possession spell floods into her
I'm not sure what happened! One minute I was applying sunscreen to my chest, the next I was applying it to a pair of tits. The whole beach was staring at me as I was suddenly exposed. Luckily I had a bag of masks with me and was able to fashion a bikini, but not before every eye was on me (RP)
I had a bad Bimbo fetish. The clothes, the hair, the nails, makeup, etc. I couldn’t help but stare when I saw them in public. So when I met my new coworker, Jane, I made the mistake of asking how she managed to get her job done. Well, next thing I know, I’m sitting in her chair staring at my body
"God I'm a fucking genius." I said smugly in the mirror, I'd been bullying these girls in my college and my school decided I needed to learn how it felt, I got a free gender change and I even ended up being gorgeous. I sent a text to those girls with a selfie "it worked perfectly, thanks gals!"
(F4A) [Discord] Body Swap RP
Before second puberty I was a five star recruit for track and the top collegiate schools had eyes on me but now the only eyes I’m attracting are the ones of men at the gym who watch as a dream of being an Olympic sprinter fall under the the weight of my very new, very large and very bouncy chest
I was bored loser with no friends so I decided to take a xchange pill and go to a party for the first time I got let into the party without being bullied (rp wanted)
There's no way my unemployed big brother could afford to swap permanently into such a gorgeous woman. Suspecting it must be one of those cheap, vat-grown clones that incorporate cat DNA, I hit him with a simple test
"Come on tony, there's gotta be some way to fix this." I groaned from the body of the busty Russian super spy, some freak accident switched our bodies, leaving her in my super powered body while I'm back to being normal. "She's out there being spiderman while I'm stuck here with you eyeing my chest!
“Please… I’m freezing… I promise to be good…” After I ruined your chances at getting into your dream school, you transformed me into your dream girl so that you could at least have ‘one dream come true’. Now you are forcing me to suffer until I let in to demands, as I just did…
Severance at the Swap Clinic - Part Three
My parents thought switching my body with my sister would make me behave. They couldn't have been more wrong. I let her boyfriend know and sent him a picture. "I know she hasn't let you do or see anything yet, wanna get a sneak peek?" I eagerly texted.
You come into your bedroom to find me sitting there, "Hey dad. I wanted to thank you for my 18th birthday gift. I know your disappointed that I didn't swap with a jock at the clinic, but I bet if you give it a chance you'll be glad I didn't~"
“I’ve finally done it!” I think to myself as I managed to complete my first ever possession. I quickly took this photo of myself and put it on reddit with the caption: “I’m looking for someone to help me have some fun in this new body. Message me if interested”. (RP)
When my sis and I got second puberty, I didn’t think we would get used to it, switching roles. Here we are now though she helped me “adjust” to being a girl just as I help her “adjust” to being a guy. Ever since the changes finished we can’t stop glancing at each other now for some reason?(Dm to rp)
“I cant believe I was always supposed to have these hanging off my chest, in the pictures its really hard to see the true weight they have” this women and I had just swapped to our “true” bodies after being swapped at birth, I wish I had time to get used to these not just having them in a instant
(A4A) As you were browsing through reddit, you'd get a strange DM from a brand new account. "Howdy there, are you down for a fun little game? One round of typeracer, a game where we both type out a passage, and whoever types it out first, wins~ Loser has to become the winner's fleshlight~"
Offering my aunty
RP?
Seeks to swap to a chubby milf
It's one thing looking at you.. it's quite another seeing you looking back at me in the mirror! I don't know how this happened, but I will do my best to switch us back as soon as I can! (Little does she know I dropped my swap ring down the toilet and flushed until it was miles away) RP
I had a bad Bimbo fetish. The clothes, the hair, the nails, makeup, etc. I couldn’t help but stare when I saw them in public. So when I met my new coworker, Jane, I made the mistake of asking how she managed to get her job done. Well, next thing I know, I’m sitting in her chair staring at my body
Suddenly a Princess [RP always welcome as either part]
Nadia used her hands to feel up her tan body. “Don’t worry, I’ll take good care of your mom’s body.” Nadia my girlfriend said before going into the bathroom to get a better look at her mature body. It was weird knowing my gf was in my moms body. But hopefully it’ll be in our favor.
BoltonWife on xvideos
“Wow, you both look so HOT! Is it actually you two!” I ask as I stare at how hot the both of YOU look in your new bodies. I can’t believe YOU two went through with the transformation after losing the bet to the other college frat! I thought you would have just paid them! But I’m not complaining🥵
“Wait where am I!” YOU say as you wake up in this big booty MILF’s body! Ass out for the whole world to see! As you turn and see YOUR DAD! “Oh my god why is he HARD! And so BIG! Is he cheating on MOM! With whoever I am!” You think to yourself!
The great shift landed me in the body of a femboy who had a few surgeries. I am now waiting for my girlfriend to come and pick me up.(Rp always open)
My wealthy grandmother always wanted a granddaughter to pamper and spoil. I was her favorite grandson, so I gladly accepted her invitation to tea but... something’s wrong... “Uh, Nan? What did you put in this tea?”
I was flying my Embraer Phenom 100 over Japanese waters when I was shot down. I ejected and then everything went black. I woke up in this room not in my original body. Does anyone know what happened to me?
“I’m here for a raise boss you don’t pay me enough” my boss is psychotic, he only cares for himself “why do you need this raise, but please first drink some water” he’s acting nice? “Thanks” a drink the water “so I said I need a ra…” my body hurt, my clothes changed I turned into a personal maid
I made a bet with the Latina chick in my class that i could probably give better head than she could. To prove it she asked to swap bodies and i give her head and she’ll do the same. So, here I am sucking her off in my body, but i have the suspicion she won’t suck me off when we swap back(rp wanted)
“Dude why are you smiling? We still don’t know what caused us to turn into girls and why everyone remembers us like this. Rp
My friend was a huge basketball fan, after that gas leak happened at his work which put him in his hot coworkers body he has been kind of down. I told him we could go to a game he is definitely excited I'm happy this can cheer him up a bit. (RP)
They will be Missed
It's tradition that at the end of every swap class they have a pool party... but this year, we were all stuck in our swapped bodies... and no one wanted a party... except for Me! I went out and got a cute bikini and used my rich parents money to hire out a pool... all for Myself!
23[F4M] UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP AND I LIKE VENOM POSSESSION - ANYONE CAN TURN ME INTO SHE VENOM
The Shift ruined the world, along with the police force, we are both were covicted criminals, thinking of the women who caught us, the shift was our escape! Now we both are celebrating our ne bodies with a selfie. I am now Detective Diaz, you are now Detective Santiago. (RP)
I told my friend this lady was a hustler and there was no way he was going to win. He told me he could win, hes always been a bit cocky. He has one more dart throw and if he misses he's stuck in this ladies body forever. (RP)
"You could have at least made some decent clothing for me!" I protestet annoyed that you were once again playing with your stupid magic wand. Why was I always the target?
I have a weird situation, my girlfriends entire family, is infected by a weird slime creature, and they all keep asking me to help them, but I can’t tell if it’s them… or the creature. I just hope nothing bad happens. Who do I check on first? (RP Open)
We had a huge chemistry exam tomorrow, and even though we were in college, our overbearing moms couldn’t bear to see us fail. So they swapped bodies with us to take our tests tomorrow morning! While they’re studying, we’re gonna have the night of our lives!
I just asked for a spot. I had no idea you were radiating so much testosterone, just being that close to you started to change me. By the time I finished my first set, my balls had shrunk up inside me. Second set and my dick had become a clit. By the fourth set, I couldn't even lift the weight (RP)
After a simple mistake at a parent-teacher's conference where my mom defended my side of an argument, the teacher put it into her own hands to fix the problem. Now, I'm stuck in my mother's body, forced to dance against my will do to the gold bracelet keeping me in here. I just want to be free! (RP)
Woah, bro. Can't believe the potion worked! I'm totally in your sisters body! I've always wondered what I'd do if I could jave her for a night!
“Mom people are staring” I squealed as you took my photo. You still didn’t tell me why you changed me into a girl. You knew magic and always used it for odd things but this was the worst. “I feel naked, can I please change? You haven’t even told me why you made me into a girl”.
My old Irish grandmother always warned me not to make deals with the fair folk. Said they were untrustworthy. Well I didn't listen and asked for enteral youth. I got it when I was changed into a fairy for all eternity. Unfortunately there is no such thing as a male fairy. Goodbye penis. RP
I put my hands on the table as I tried not to make noise from the vibrator. My older sister played a prank on me by changing me into a girl. The worst part was that she sent me on a date with this guy. I hope he doesn’t think I’m weird because of my movements, “hey can we end the date early?”
Ever since swapping with my wife, guy's night has been more fun for everyone.
"Sooooo... whatcha think? The parents were REAL surprised. Dad still isn't talking to me. I'm having to wear your mom's clothes," I was talking to my older step-brother. On my 18th birthday our parent's offered me anything I wanted. I asked for a trip to the Swap Clinic, but didn't tell anyone why~
My transformation has begun, but not in the right order. My bully decided to do the worst thing he could think of and turn me into a slutty little girl. Well, my body is changing, but my mind changed first. I can’t wait to go from a bussy to a pussy. I can’t stop thinking about him and cock
“What is happening!!!” I fell through a portal in an alley, I was dropped into a city street in 3020, two cops approached me “we haven’t seen man on earth since 2050, no worries we can fix that” a syringe piercing my skin as my body turned feminine, the two police went out of my sight and left me
Year two of the war, and the Russian 'bodytheft ray' has stolen most of our army's bodies, bolstering their ranks. But it has depleted their stockpile of women in exchange, forcing them to begin to use those of their Cuban allies. At least they're sending dad home on R&amp;R after his last deployment
“Finally, I got that boring nurse gear off! Clara is such a fucking prude. I haven’t had control all week long, and her idea of a good time is microwave popcorn and a god damn BOOK! Oh, who am I? Well, I’m her alternate personality, of course! Now are we gonna have some real fun or what” (RP wanted)
Mike was curious about the change in behavior of his wife. She began to wear more revealing clothing around the house, actually liked video games. If only he knew that her body was stolen by one of her teenage students.
My roommate was rich... filthy rich. One day while he was away I snuck into his room and found this high-end bodysuit! This thing is so realistic... it must be worth a fortune! I tried to take as many pictures as I could before he got back, but I think I just heard the door unlock... uh oh...
“Another drink? It’s all-inclusive.” We thought we wouldn’t have enough money for a Spring Break getaway, but a Single’s Resort was offering big discounts to female guests. So I took one for the team and popped an Xtra-Strength Xchange. (RP)
"How dare she humiliate me like this? I'm not getting stood up on my wedding day. I refuse. The closet is still set with her wedding parameters. You'll do just fine." Those were the last words I heard before my son shoved me into the autocloset, and it began to remake me into his absconded fiancé
My friends are such assholes they swap me with this latina girl and then make me do these photo shoots and then they have me fuck them or their dads it's not fun... okay maybe it is...(RP/AmA)
Comet P-1A81F03ZE, later nicknamed “Hale-Swap”, passed over the night sky. Dust that settled in its path caused people to switch bodies all over the world. Astronomers predict that the comet won’t return for another 25 years. Were you affected? Who did you become?
A client paid me to hop into his stepdaughter while she's home from college. Here's a shot of me getting "acquainted" with the goods before we meet. I think I'm going to enjoy this gig.
"Omg bro, my body Swap potion worked and now im ur sister! Im not leaving til i get some action!" (RP)
I had been a successful cook at a fine dining establishment and everything was working perfectly until a rat slipped under my chef's hat and started controlling my actions by pulling on my hair. "Get out from under there," I said but my body kept on moving towards the new young cook.
I've been given this new body as a present for my birthday! Now I just need to find a good photographer who isnt too pervy for a photoshoot! (EroRP!)
I sat there quietly and tried to act like a lady. My older sister always thought I’d be a cute girl and I always fought with her about this. When she found me smoking weed, she threatened to snitch on me unless I agreed. “Are you happy now sis? Where even are we? I don’t recognize this place”
“What are you staring at?” I felt my voice get softer. The pill was almost done. You told us you had a double date for us with a couple of hot girls, it was a complete lie. While we were waiting during dinner, you slipped a pill in my drink. I cleared my throat, “hey is my voice sounding different?”
When I arrived at the swap clinic I was shocked to see my Ex there, yet she approached me with a smile saying it seems we both felt the same and if I’d be willing to take her body, I agreed that night I sent him a picture asking if I looked sexy in just a t shirt now (RP/DM/AMA)
“There has to be something to fix this.” I said to my girlfriend in my body as I researched body swapping and how to reverse, but my girlfriend doesn’t seem too interested in swapping back. (RP)
My roommate was out for the weekend so I decided to pop some X-Change and have some fun. Little did I know that his flight got canceled. He was about to walk back in the door and I looked like this (RP WANTED):
(f2A) When I woke up I felt dizzy, my body felt different... On the floor a note "during years you have lived making fun of others thinking that you were better, so now enjoy your life like this!" Do your worst
“Yeah, they messed up. This obviously isn’t the athletic football player body I wanted.” I say to my family when they pick me up from the swap clinic. But it was a total lie. I did want this body, but knew my family wouldn’t accept that I wanted to be a girl (RP)
“Oh, you think you’re clever right? Get off the floor and help me find a book with a spell to reverse this you fucking idiot… you’re the one who made that bitch curse me in the first place!”
(26T4A)Just came out as trans irl 2 months ago. It's been challenging to put it lightly. I'm looking for a good escape in rp. DM if you're interested in doing an rp where 2 below average guys become beautiful female celebs. If you think you can do a good rp below, start us off with a good comment!
My sister made me her little sissy and made me suck her boyfriend off. She told me if I did this I can be a boy again but she lied. “Okay sis I did it can you change me back now”
My friend lost his body due to a witch, I think he is trying to adjust but I can tell he still feels down. I decided to hang out with him today I'm going to take him out hopefully it will cheer him up. (RP)
HAHAHA I knew that witch turned me into a powerful woman like her for a reason to make humans pay, I casted a spell to make everyone capable of transformation magic have fun transforming each other HAHAHA
“Ah, so you thought you had the mystery figured out? That the Axe Murderer was really sweet Miss Mary the town librarian all along? If only it was that simple. If only you knew that it was ME, the mayor, in a bodysuit! I guess I have to kill you know...”
I took off my jacket hoping id catch his attention.My best friend was worried her boyfriend was cheating. He was a player after all and girls always flirted with him.We came up with a plan to see if he’d do the same to me as a girl. What I didn’t know was that you set me up and he knew who I was
I know I shouldn’t have made a bet with money I don’t have, but that didn’t stop you from giving me an alternative to paying you back. But I don’t understand why you want me to wear this suit... it’s getting kind of hot too...
Nice, huh? I sucked her soul out with my new invention, and as of right now, there’s nobody actually behind the wheel! She still has basic motor functions and- oh! Check this out, she’ll obey orders! Gwen, why don’t you take that shirt off and kneel for me, please? (RP Wanted)
My step brother has a sick sense of humor, he'll turn me into a girl with X-change and fuck me while our parents are out on business trips. Only this time he gave me X-change candy plus.. help me
MAIDS
Sarah was obsessed with me and literally stalked me wanted me so bad but I didn’t want her so stole my sisters body and has been teasing and seducing me ever since(always open rp)
I was reconnecting with an old friend I hadn't seen in forever and wished we could hang out every day, like when we were roommates. The next morning I wake up like this and with a ring on my finger! You have to help me convince him of who I really am! And I'm worried he made a wish about me too.
Recently a Cleric and his party barged into my dungeon, ransacked it and left me for dead. Fortunately for me, it was my illusion they slew, not me. This gives me an opportunity to have my revenge on those bastards, starting with the Cleric ! (MxM RP)
Call it nepotism but my mom got me a job at her company, only thing is she needs a secretary and is lonely since dad died... so she turned me into a girl with X-change Plus and had me please her to get the job. (RP)
(M4AtF) Ever since you completely transitioned, your roommate hasn't been able to keep his eyes off of you~ You decide to tease him by interrupting his jerk off session, one thing led to the next, and now you're laying on your back, wishing that the condom separating you from his cum wasn't there~
It felt like Karma bring put into the body of this nerdy little Asian girl after years of being the biggest gangster in the city. But less than a month later I'm back living my old life, watching the hooker strip in front of me. Well not 100% I think grinding down on the buttplug nestled in my ass.
"Don't worry dude, your daughter's body is in good hands." I say as I laugh and grab my breasts. For some reason, my best friend's daughter asked me to swap bodies with her. I couldn't say no. Now my friend is pissed, but I'm going to enjoy this weekend experience. "Sorry man, but Becca asked to!"
Subject #592- ongoing study into the effects of the new Russian 'superweapon', an unknown particle beam seemingly capable of exchanging the bodies of our troops with those of Russian women. Many US soldiers are hesitant to shoot at the advancing army, seeing their squadmate's faces among their ranks
(A4AplayingM) I rubbed my eyes, my head was pounding...I slowly sat up, unable to remember the night more before...What the hell?!!? W-Whos body is this! what's going on?!? Am I in someone's dorm??(Chats only, definitely up for any kinks)
I was at a sorority party and got handed this weird pink drink that made me feel all warm and tingly. Now I look like this! The frat guys just got here? Ooh I bet they’re hot~… Wait no, I’ve gotta get out of here before I do something I regret! (RP WANTED)
Imagine how used you'd feel... how objectified. Fuck. What a dream
It wasn't our usual scene, but my friends and I got invited to a big frat party by my lab partner. I thought we'd just quietly blend in, but when we arrived we were rushed in and handed shots. We took them. And we found out why we were really there, everyone cheering as they watched us change (RP)
"Dy-soul Vacuum!" After trying to use a new prototype vacuum, it sucked up my step-sister's soul! While trying to wring out, it by accident shot her out the window and sucked up two more souls! Glancing in on my neighbor's window, I see the result: Where is my step-sister now? What should I do?!
After remortgaging the house to blow the money on surgery, dad found the life of an OnlyFans girl less lucrative than anticipated. I've been filming his shoots for months but, afraid he might never get the cash for a reversal and out of desperation for viewers, he started pushing me to participate
Me and my friend were boob guys for the longest time. That was till some guy came up to us and told us he could convince us otherwise if we just close our eyes for three seconds, when we opened up he was gone and we have been ass guys, or I guess girls
Me and my friends had been playing a drinking game and whoever lost had to accept a dare no matter what. I happened to lose and my buddy handed me a swap pill and told me I had to swap with my mom for a full month. I didn't want to but a bets a bet.
Dude seriously stop touching my mom like that. My friend just found out he had hopper powers, he decided it would be funny yo hop into my mom. Now he wants to stay but he keeps groping her I want him to stop. (RP)
“Okay….just climb in. I’m so goddamn horny right now. You have no idea!” Your neighbor Anna had been turned into a living skinsuit…which made her incredibly horny. Would you do a neighbor a kind favor?
I was a main player in a team and I messed up by drinking too much. I vandalized the school property and got kicked off the team. My parents and coach made an agreement that I needed a punishment but could play next year if I earned my spot back. I didn’t expect cheerleading to be their choice.
"Dy-soul Vacuum!" After trying to use a new prototype vacuum, it sucked up my step-sister's soul! While trying to wring out, it by accident shot her out the window and sucked up two more souls! Glancing in on my neighbor's window, I see the result: Where is my step-sister now? What should I do?!
My brother and I were stargazing and I saw a shooting star. He told me if you see one too make a wish and so I jokingly asked for a pair of big black boobs to play with. I didn't expect anything to happen but then I woke up like this. Maybe should've specified I didn't want them on me. (DM for RP)
“This dress is so tight, I can barely breathe”. My girlfriend always had new and fun ideas for us to do and I usually agree. When I was drowsy last night, she suggested I become a girl for a little while. I don’t remember this at all. “Wait what do you mean I’m going on a date tonight?”
I was in the grocery store parking lot when I looked into the car next door and noticed this total MILF in the driver's seat. I quickly forgot about my plans and hopped into her. I slipped her panties off from under her dress and headed into the store.
"Checkmate" you say as you move your piece to trap my king, "You know what that means, bro." I hear you saying as I feel my body shift and change. "Loser becomes a chick for a da-" you stop as you see me changing into a gorgeous chick and your jaw drops seeing me. [RP open]
You and I had found a possession potion. We decided that I would use it on your older sisters friend. All we needed was her hair, so while she was visiting your sister, we got some hair from her sunglasses. I drank the potion and fainted. Suddenly, you got a message "It actually worked!!!" (Rp)
F2F
Let’s do it on the floor 🙈
The random swap went well for you. You ended up as a model and between your money and looks can always get help when you need it (rp)
I was a unruly teen so my parents swapped me into a nun and sent me off to live in a church little did they know that I would become such a slut (rp wanted)
Oh the TF flu has has done me a lot of good. I’m done hiding who I really am under my old jock body. For so long all I’ve wanted was to be a hot milf. Bye Brandon hello Victoria! Now get over to my place and let’s have a good time! (DM RP)
Definitely my fault Sophie Turner is pregnant again, love this body so much I’m never giving it up (open to RP’s)
I was at a sorority party and got handed this weird pink drink that made me feel all warm and tingly. Now I look like this! The frat guys just got here? Ooh I bet they’re hot~… Wait no, I’ve gotta get out of here before I do something I regret! (RP WANTED)
My ass hole brother spiked my drink with X-change Plus candy flavor, X-change breeder denial, and X-Change forget. Please help me I don't even know what's going on now.
My father was back from the dead it seemed, I woke up this morning to my girlfriend acting strangely until he broke down and admitted who he was. This was going to just make things weird, not to mention the fact he almost seems to enjoy being her.
I had a huge nail fetish. It got so bad that I asked the secretary at my new office how she managed to get by with them and those huge tits. She just smiled and said “oh? You’re curious? Why don’t you give it a try?” Next thing I know, I’m waking up staring at my body in the other chair
Wakey wakey, granddaughter. You're probably wondering why you feel so tired... So old... So male. After your last attempted overdose, the hospital and your family decided you could no longer be trusted with your body. Don't worry. I assure you I'll live your life to its utmost
It was a nightmare of a science project. My friend tricked me into helping his research by testing his machine on me. When he turned me into a woman, he changed the chemistry of my brain. With his command, he has full control over my mind and body, and I can’t stop it from happening
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
Stealing her body? That was the easy part. Pretending to be her? That was a different story. I had hopped into my neighbor’s body thinking it would be a ton of fun, and it was, but I had no idea that her boyfriend was so… serious. (RP)
“Yeah man, I got paired up with Natalie. It’s like a dream come true! Let me know if you want to come over and help me with my swap class report. I’m at Natalie’s house. No one’s home” I text you after swapping with a hot girl at school (RP)
I lost a bet with my brother. Loser had to go skinny dipping in the backyard. I figured my brother was going to do something, invite some girls over to watch me or something. He took it to a new level though, pouring something into the water that turned me into a woman!
“Hey sorry for ghosting everyone for the last few months, but I was going threw second puberty. It was tough but I wanna get out of the house. Anyone wanna hangout?” *I text my best friend group chat hoping they aren’t mad at me for disappearing out of the blue*
My local gym had tons of hot women working out, I had been trying to keep my eye contact with there asses to a minimum but one of them caught me “hey asshole stop staring” I got to embarrassed so I backed away to get some water, I felt my body shrinking my hair clump, I was turned into a woman
You and I got a possession drug in a back alley shop. We decided I would use it to possess your older sister best friend. All we needed was for her and I to take a pill each. During dinner, I placed a pill in her water. After she had gone home, I fainted, minutes later you recieved this image. (RP)
(26TFA)Just came out as trans irl 2 months ago. It's been challenging to put it lightly. I'm looking for a good escape in rp. DM if you're interested in doing an rp where 2 below average guys become beautiful female celebs. If you think you can do a good rp below, start us off with a good comment!
My girlfriend has been acting so so strange since we lay on the beach. There had been reports of i.redd.it a ghost there a few weeks ago but it looked like a stupid joke. She just keeps touching her body and saying she’s so happy to «be human’? What is going on?!
After the great shift most people just hid away at home... not me. I found out I LOVED being a woman, and dressed like you'd expect too. I showed off, but still had more of a mens style... not that I mind at all... I still flirt with women only!
After an accident, your boyfriend and his mom somehow ended up sharing control of his mom's body. There are times when you can tell who is in control, lately you aren't as sure. When you get a selfie saying "want to come have some fun" and you aren't sure who sent it, do you go?
"Dude you'll never guess who I swapped into!" Matt took a quick pic and sent it. "Looks like our professor Ms. Ellis decided to come here for spring break too. I haven't even unpacked yet and I'm having too much fun with her body. Next stop is the nude beach!"
This sucks, my friend and I tried out for the cheerleading team to get chicks. After try outs we both made the team. But the couch said they only had 1 spot for a guy. She handed me a girls uniform and sprayed me with some kinda of perfume, saying it will fit better in a minute. Rp
Read how I got in her and what I did in her body
"Go ahead and tell me why i shouldnt just leave with her body, i mean... who would believe a guy saying his wife is possessed?" I've been hopping people's bodies for years, your wife is a simple pit stop for me. "I'll stay in her body for... a month! Name your rules and i will name mine" (RP)
This is your life now. Being a redhead with big tits is great even if you don't have legs or most of your arms now. You'll need a lot of help though(RP)
WWYD After Possessing Nurse Julia?
I was getting ready to FaceTime my girlfriend when suddenly I found myself laying down and looking at a picture of her… wait. This is her camera… then I got a call from… myself? What’s going on? I clicked accept to see myself with a smirk… did we… swap bodies?! (RP)
The great shift really changed my life, although I was left unchanged my family and my best friend changed. I've been dealing with it as much as I can but its hard to stay focused when I have all these babes around. (RP)
Mtf transformation rp
Any erotic body swap/possession games?
Possess Tess And Humiliate Her, Please Comment!
After getting your Covid booster shot, you were knocked out by the side effects. Luckily, the clinic had a service where patients can swap bodies with nurses who are willing to take their place during recovery. Jenny volunteered to swap with you and here you are, checking out her body.
(M4AtF) You couldn't help but drool as you oggled your new, gorgeous figure~ It had been weeks since you underwent an experimental ( possibly gender swap) surgery and became the girl of your dreams, but you still couldn't get used to seeing such a cute lady whenever you looked at a mirror~
“Ugh what do you want this time?” I ask my sister’s ex boyfriend as he approaches. Somehow word got out about me making a legal swap with my sibling and I have to deal with this guy constantly bothering me. He thinks he’s got a shot at getting her, or at least her body back!
"Honestly it's her fault, she didn't wanna come on the vacation! You even said your parents were mad... so what? I don't give a shit if you think I'm a bird, I stole your sisters body fair and square... and I'm gonna do whatever the fuckI want with it... of course she isn't getting it back!"
Our family's cat has always been my little brothers best friend. My girlfriend was over at our house, and somehow got swapped with the cat! When I went into my kid brothers room, he was cross eyed with pleasure, my "girlfriend" licking away contentedly, lying down on the bed in front of him.
Can You Guys See My Puffy Nipples Thru My Shirt?
My wife is a suit shifter, every time she gets bored of a body she goes out and gets a new one. Today she has made one of our sweet nanny, the kids are so glad to have her all the time around the house and I of having a 20 years old wife (RP M4A)
My girlfriend caught be scrolling through Instagram of models with assets bigger than the head, she was beyond furious and decided that if I wanted to look at huge breasts all day she’d make me grow my own pair with a spell. That’s how I woke up to a swelling pair of breasts (Expansion/feminize rp)
This was the day. The mandatory Swap Class semester was about to begin and you were going to be assigned a female partner randomly. You enter the swapping machine and everything goes blank. Every sensation in your body suddenly feels different, you gulp a last time before opening your eyes, you are…
You can't be serious... my tennis coach didn't think I could make it pro as a male player but knew that with his training I'd definitely make it as a female player... so when he asked me to take a new shake before training he had also spiked it with a gender swapping pill... (RP)
What was supposed to be the discovery of a lifetime turned out to be a total nightmare. I was on an archeological dig and uncovered a pot from the Hoki Era, but I broke it. I was then turned into the Empress Kaede Himiko.... help (open rp)
I've just recieved a picture from my own son dressed as a girl,"fuck wrong account. Don't open! Please delete!" but it was too late, he made quick the cutie! I just went to his room and knocked on the door, hoping he wouldn't spot the boner he just caused me.
"Have to admit Sara has a nice body." Jerry said getting out of the shower. Apparently his son's gf was thinking of him as the FOSE happened and was a shock for him to suddenly be under his son. Although he couldn't deny how good it felt. Maybe he won't tell him about the swap yet and have a round 2
Do you approve? :) [19]
(M4AtF) You had finally undergone top and bottom surgery, fully transitioning to the girl of your dreams~ "Holy shit dude, these feel like the real thing! Can you feel it when I do... This?" Your roommate would tease, playfully pinching and pulling one of your nipples as he fondled your new tits~
“OMG I just had the best sex evar!!! For sure woke the neighbors!” “Wait, sorry guys, wrong groupchat, that was meant for my girlfriends.” You had were working nonstop to help me swap back with the woman who stole my body, but worry you think I've gone native. And I don't think you're totally wrong
Sarah was obsessed with me and literally stalked me wanted me so bad but I didn’t want her so stole my sisters body and has been teasing and seducing me ever since
Anyone know any more stories like mad monday?
Damn I look amazing. My wish to be a hot Amazon came true, I just wish I didn't have to swap with my sister to get it!
"Ugh bro can I get a few minutes alone while I shower and piss. Stop this. Wait why are you pulling out your cock? Just because you spiked my drink with X-change doesn't mean you can get to fuck me. " (RP/AmA)
My competitors thought they could sabotage me by turning me into a girl! I’m just a few strokes away from winning the tour... but now I can’t see the tee with these boobs in the way!
A Reminder: Look at our Rules Page
I couldn't wait to participate in the family swap. I had been allowed to choose which body I got since it was my first time. I chose my sister. Unfortunately we had to quarantine shortly after. Worst of all my sister was on her period and didn't tell me. I intend to still have fun, though. (RP Open)
tg gifs I've either made or downloaded
"Ultra-Virgin Light!" Since this new tanning salon opened up, beautiful women seemed to be popping up. You decided to get a tan and maybe try and scope out the "clientele". After getting in a tanning bed, you send this picture to your friends as your mind and body change. "I'm going clubbing after!"
My trip to exchange island ended... differently than intended. Whoever had my body, killed it in a jet skiing incident, and in the following lawsuit, thr Island director agreed to replace my body... with his own daughters! Now back at my apartment... I have a whole new wardrobe to try on!
"I can't believe the body swap potion worked! Ever since i lost that bet with my step sister I have been stuck in her body!"
Dad's had it hard since mom left. He's very bitter and we argue a lot. So when I woke up to a full breakfast, I thought he was just apologizing for it all. He wasn't. He spiked my meal with X-Change, and was planning to spend the day taking his frustrations out on me in a different way (RP)
Of all the lives to get swapped with! I had been a 21-year-old guy in college, but I got my body permanently stolen by Brittney, a 24-year-old high school dropout. Now I'm stuck working her fast-food job
"Vita-Minx!" We were roommates with alot alike and got along fairly well. Problem was? You were far better looking and a total gym bro, who got all the tail you wanted. My solution? I changed your protein powder in the mornings. Now you spend less time "benching" and more time "bedding!"
“Hey mom?” Walking out into the living room “the clothes you bought me, where did you get them from?” I stand in front of you, a 4”11 massive chested woman “How did you even mess this up” my voice starts to shift to be feminine “I don’t wanna be a girl fix this” I rush to my room and lock the door
Low effort posts
After becoming Bryce a few years ago, I’ve slowly built a career for myself as a director. I was on set one day and I caught the 19 year old production assistant checking me out.
When my elderly wife and I were affected by the Great Shift, we saw it as a new lease on life, experiencing everything we could even if we were the opposite sex now. Still, we both wonder why it had to be our grandkids' bodies we inherieted. Family gatherings will be a lot more awkward now!
I’ve been so happy since I got this new body from the swap clinic! But my stepbrother has been acting weird lately... I can’t tell if he’s flirting with me? I’m way out of his league now but I guess he thinks he has a shot with me...
Life has been pretty great since my transformation. Paying that witch for a new body was the best decision I ever made. I’ve made millions! (RP welcome)
I was a magician who did real magic, I did a body swap spell with one of the audience members and we couldn’t swap back. Now for the last few years I’ve been performing in these skimpy outfits hoping people will focus on my magic instead of my ass
After learning about my feminisation fantasy, my wife threw me out and forbade me from seeing my family again. The solution for sneaking back into my son's life seemed only fitting. "So what do you think? She's not going to recognise me like this, is she?" I ask, preening nervously as he looks on
Body Swap Convo with Karma
(M4AtF) The Metaverse seemed to have automatically converted your discord pfp into a 3d avatar~ You were just about to change to something else, when your arm brushed against a nipple and sent a wave of pleasure coursing through your body~ Now you're curious to see what else this form has to offer~
So I swapped with the slutty neighbour and she's recording a porn video today as a girl scout, and I have to do this if I want to leave the body, but I'm doing this for the fulfilment. Rp Open
You were quite fond of me but you wanted to get to know me on a deeper level. I had been the best boyfriend your daughter had. You wanted to see for yourself why she loved me so much. I come over to her place not expecting this. “Dear, are you feeling ok?” I ask not knowing you turned into her. (RP)
(F4A) Hey everyone, my amazing body is in need of a new owner, its available for you to possess or swap for (DM for RP)
(RP) Something happened to my mother after my dad and her divorced. She wasn’t acting like herself. I came into my room after class one night and found her like this. It was weird since I also hadn’t heard from my father for quite a while.
Attention all e-girl and tiktok swappers. I’ve recently started talking to two older business men who have a real thing for girls on social media. Chat me, let’s choose the perfect bodies and come up with a naughty scheme. Let’s make some money cutie!
My father was devastated that my older sister had unalived herself after he got divorced. So he did the only 'rational' thing to do he paid 4.7B to get a girl from Minsk out here and then he put my brain in her body. I'm now Natasha Svetlana and due to become his wife
Daniel was the youngest brother. He was smart, attractive, but his older brothers being brothers always teased him the most. Dan was sick of it, and made a remote that turned his brothers into his sisters. Best decision of his life. He now forces them to be his sluts, and they cannot refuse him
Almost everyone I knew was shocked when I had surgery to go from a old white man to a beautiful young black woman. Even my own daughter has basically excommunicated me. Luckily my grandson is a lot more understanding and curious. He loves hanging out with me!
I had no choice. After bullying you yesterday, you snapped, throwing me into our gorgeous teacher, Mrs. Mendez. I wanted to escape… but this collar and the cuffs around my wrists stopped me. What are you going to do to me next? (RP)
I could tell you were a little upset with me for buying a bodysuit of the girl you liked... but it’s not like you actually had a chance with her! I’m the next best thing...
It's my birthday. If someone would like to swap. I'd love to be someone else for the day.
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
“OMG I just had the best sex evar!!! For sure woke the neighbors!” “Wait, sorry guys, wrong groupchat, that was meant for my girlfriends.” You had were working nonstop to help me swap back with the woman who stole my body, but worry you think I've gone native. And I don't think you're totally wrong
When I got the dreaded phone call to say I was swapped at birth, I never imagined my partner would be this woman. We’d agreed to meet up once I was in my new (or old, however you want to look at it) body. I look nervous as I watch you walk in. (RP)
I had been playing Texas hold-em with my buddies. I had to bet my body on the final hand. Well i lost. This sucks. Can someone help me. I need 6k to help me buy back in
I was a broke Esports player luckily I found a tournament that didn't need a buy In but it was a bit sketchy either way I went. I sat down and when I touched my keyboard I got sucked into the computer. I ran for my life but you killed my squad and have me cornered (DM 4 RP)
I wanted the bullying to end so I went to his house, but his dad answered “your sons a jackass tell him to stop bullying me” not looking happy, he threw me inside and used his remote to transform me “I think you’ll be a prefect wife for my son” he uses me as his fuck toy and his soon to be wife
“Cmon sis smile” as my sisters make me take a photo with them with me in the middle since they turned me into a girl after they wanted to have an all girls apartment and with me being the youngest they easily overpowered me. (Rp in comments or chat)
Body Swap Convo with Lela
Possess My Mom and Humiliate Her
Looking for a Time Travel Body Swap RP
What Would Happen If These Two Swapped Bodies? Please Comment!
Body Swap Convo with Luna
I was minding my own business when I heard this odd ringing in my headphones, like some weird frequency changing back and forth. I was just as shocked as my roommate when he found me, now in a girl’s body!
Naked wrestling with my old body as my sister seemed weird, especially when my girlfriend was in the crowd, but a man, a slut's gotta do what a sluts gotta do. Rp Open
My tropical vacation was exactly what I needed, and the service was excellent. So excellent that I decided to “borrow” the body of that cute concierge for a little while. I’m sure the hotel won’t mind...
“I can’t believe Ashlee thinks I’m Monica.” “I can’t believe Monica thinks I’m Ashlee.” After the two friends Ashland and Niko found the spell book, they both separately came up with the idea to possess the girl they liked. Now, both are trying to convince the other that they are normal girls.
"Dy-soul Vacuum!" As a vacuum salesman, I often get to take home a product prototype to test on my own. My step-sister was ribbing me for having a lame job when she accidentally turned on one of our prototypes- sucking her soul out of her body! Should I put her back? Or put something or someone in?
When it came time for us to move out of the dorms and get off campus housing like the rest of the seniors, we were thrilled to find a lesbian couple with an open apartment. They seemed so kind and generous at first, until they revealed the details of our lease and the documents we'd signed. (Lit rp)
After having a fight with my friend about his ex, he got mad and turned me into a copy of her. “You idiot! Change me back right now!” I yelled in her high pitched voice (Rp always open)
The Subreddit just hit 30,000 members and I am now the second moderator! Here’s a random photo from Reddit of tits to grab your attention to this occasion
I love bringing my bodysuit onto the plane with me! TSA doesn’t seem to care so long as I enter and exit the airport as myself. I hope that cute guy across the aisle will come join the mile high club with me...
I was walking along the beach minding my own business, with my girlfriend. Suddenly I'm standing next to some guy wearing the exact trunks I was wearing. I look down and see im now wearing my girlfriends bikini. I had no idea a swapper had just swapped me into my girl and he is me. "Umm babe?" I ask
As the Great Shift hit, I was unaffected. To escape the chaos, I fled to the bathroom, where I found you in the cleaner's body, clearly enjoying yourself
A minute ago I was normal guy in the shop, and now I am in a body of federal agent. Looks like it's a government experiment, and I somehow got swapped with one of people working on it. They planted swap-bombs all over the world, nobody can hide. Tell me where are you, and I will find your new body.
Dad sacrificed a lot to get me through college and, when I finally made it big, I wanted to pay him back, buying him a young, beautiful body so that he can live his life again, this time in the comfort and privilege he deserves. I get as much delight out of spoiling him as he does receiving it
"Bella...wakey wakey...that's right, this is real. I've stolen your body...and your life. You're trapped in my body now, a teenage loser! How does it feel to have a dick? Are my tits making you hard? Don't lie...I can see your bulge!" ( RP?)
The great shift put me in a really awkward spot... because I got swapped with a literal Sugar baby. Her... My 'Daddy' was insistent he keep giving me money, as long as I kept up appearances as his girlfriend.... "Yes Daddy, here's your video, I've been Anal training..." This is so degrading...
It's your bud's birthday and, as a special gift, you decide to use your powers of possession to give him 1 hour alone with the neighborhood MILF [RP]
I was a ‘rapper’ who had a very strong brand image, however the issue was I couldn’t rap very good and I would swap bodies with this woman who would rap using my body whilst I write the lyrics. Here I am in her body, sending this video of my new sexy lips whilst wearing my old chains….(rp wanted)
I had broken an old vase in a shrine in Kyoto. as punishment I've been cursed to be a japanese milf. my knowledge of English and American customs is gone. help
"Babe, what's up with your eye?" "Oh sorry about that" you say taking out a purse that seemed to be filled with eyes? you take out her brown one and replaced it with a blue one from the bag. "Better now?" after a second. "I did tell you about how I now own all the parts of your girlfriend?"
I was going for a run when I bumped into this girl as I did our bodies instantly swap as I look up at my old body running away (rp wanted)
“Oh hey boss- you’re awake! Sorry about all this- she was all I could find, better than a prison cell though… right?” I grovel, you were the mob boss, sold out by snitches and all I could do was force your consciousness inside a new vessel I’d found, using my experimental machine.
Who want
Ashley was jealous of her sister Ellie for having a hot boyfriend. So when she heard noises coming from Ellie's room, she used a spell to possess her. But something went wrong because when she looked down, she not only found Ellie between her legs, but also her bf's cock.
I wanted to famous more than anything in life so when i was granted a wish of course that’s what i wished for. I guess i’m gonna become famous in a different way then i thought because i’m on a porn set in a girls body! but i meant it when i said i’d do anything to be famous so i’m going with it!
Roleplay - it's been a 2eek wince I've been stuck in the body of my best friends fat mom.i made a joke about her being fat and the next morning...poof....I was in her body riding her husband's hard cock
Just taken over this body. Let me be your slut. (RP)
I’d been struggling with my new body given to me by the great shift. It had been weeks and I’d been too scared to explore. Finally you were fed up with me moaning and decided to show me just how much fun girls can have (RP)
Do it
Body Swap Convo with Ana
It was a night like any other. The morning, on the other hand, had a surprise in reserve for me. What will happen to me, from here on out?
Look, I know you're excited about your new body ever since you got back from the swap clinic. This is wild though... you can't keep flaunting your body like this around the apartment! It's almost like you're trying to drive me crazy! (RP)
“Could you stop making me spank myself? I’m getting really sore.” My friend built a remote and used me as a test subject. While my body was turning more feminine, he kept trying new outfits on me, and making me be so lewd. “You stay put while I give you more thigh highs, femboy sissy boy”
So my mom made a big deal about not using the new expensive lotion she bought the other day. So naturally I had to use it. I woke up the next day holding the same bottle in the shower, except in my mom's body. A loud yell from my bedroom tells me mom had a new body as well (RP)
I was walking through a park on St Patrick's day. I tripped over a black pot full of gold. "What the hell is this doing hear?" Suddenly a leprechaun appears out of the air "hey ya found me gold ill grant one wis...wait you're not wearing green, I'll fix that" with a snap I'm wearing green now.
You want to fuck my cute ass?
I was a lonely guy. Depressed, overweight and unattractive. That all changed because the Great Shift. I was playing on my switch when my world went black. I came to with a lewd moan as I felt something penetrate me where my cock used to be. I m now a girl and getting fucked roughly. "Oh fuck...
"Oh God she's coming this way I don't wanna deal with her today." My sister said to me, one of the popular girls from her school was apparently also at this beach. Suddenly I found myself in my sister's body, looking at myself. "Sorry bro but she'll ignore me now." She said, in my old body!
We originally swapped bodies with our girlfriends so we could have lesbian sex with each other but before long we were 69ing! It’s so surreal to lick my own cock while my girlfriend licks her pussy with my mouth!
"Why are you looking at me like that, son? This skin? Gorgeous? Don't worry, you'll be getting it in the inheritance." Skin swaps are becoming more popular, a way for young women to make good money trading away their flesh so that old men can enjoy their retirements wrapped in beauty
"So, what do you think?" my dog-swapped-into-girlfriend asked me one day, her breasts growing ever larger for some reason. "Is it cool that I'm Elaine now or what?"
Just got back from the swap clinic with my girlfriend. With travel restrictions and money problems we decided instead of going to another country for vacation we’d go to each other’s body… this should be an interesting two weeks. (RP)
I swapped bodies with my daughter for a while. I hear moans and i know her fucking her mom. Wow thats kinda hot, However I was angry with her for even trying something like that. So when her mom went to work, I sent this video to her in my old body, hoping it would piss her off…(RP WANTED)
My mom made a big deal about not using the new expensive lotion she just bought. So naturally I gave it a try that night. I woke up the next morning holding the bottle in the shower, but in my mom's body. A yell from my bedroom told me that mom had a new body as well
(M4ApGLaDOS) "Hmm, test subject has been edged for 2 hours, yet shows no sign of achieving a climax... Is this form too intimidating for the fleshy meatbag? Very well, you are in luck as I have a new body prepared, one designed for more... Intimate... Experiments..."
I was chilling with my bro’s and we were passing around the bong. What my friend neglected to tell me is that he’d packed the bowl with evil beaver weed! As soon as the smoke cleared, I found myself in a strange place that stunk of menthols, nail polish, and msg. I had become CHEF DAVID BOY!!!
I was a complex plan. First, i hexed Ashley to put her under my spell. After a few days, I cast a spell to turn myself into a slime being. After invading her house, I saw her leaving for cheer practice. As soon as she saw me, she couldn’t help but giving me access inside her and give up her body
While watching the olympics I made a wish that I would be as fit as the athletes participating. What I didn’t expect was to wake up the next morning in the Olympic village! I don’t even know who this girl is or what sport she plays but I’m sure I’m gonna enjoy the ‘games’!
Body Swap Convo with Marie
After a work accident, all my friends and family were told was that I had to be swapped into a new body to keep me alive... the issue was, my body never made it and I got to keep this one! I have to fake being sad around them.... but secretly I love this new me!
I warned dad about Rosa. After only four months of marriage, my step-mom got everything in the divorce - dad's house, finances, even his body, citizenship and life. They're threatening to deport him next month. I'm going to miss the pout on his lips whenever I tell him 'I told you so'
Looking for a body? Take this one, and dm me so I can set up an rp for us.
On my way out for the day I found a strange metal wristband sitting by the front door. I jokingly put it on, but the moment I stepped outside my entire body and outfit changed more rapidly than I could expect. I quickly tried to remove the wristband but it wouldn't budge!
My mom went on a date tonight. She came home late and woke me up, wondering what was going on I used my hopping powers to hop into her to see what was going on, but turns out I’ve hopped into her dates body instead…..
Shit im in trouble now, my sister made me a bet saying that I wouldn't last a week as a girl so being a idiot I took her up on that bet and our mom used a old book to swap us telling us all the risks which we didn't care about cause we just wanted to win, she sent over her boyfriend, I'm fucked(RP)
I watch as you blush hard and force yourself to look away, I can’t help but laugh. “Hahaha… well, you can’t blame a girl for trying!” I say with a bright smile. I had been matched with your girlfriend during swap class… I’m just trying to assume my new position in life! (RP)
"Come on big boy I want this cock fucking raw" All these stories of people being swapping into celebrities in the FOSE and here I am with my fiancee masturbating to Gordon Ramsay. "I ordered one big meaty dick and I need you to step up your game!" he says as he starts impaling himself on my dick.
You had developed a site that extracted a poor victim’s soul and put yours into it! You tested it out on that neighbor across the street! You couldn’t believe you were now in her sexy ebony body! You felt amazing while your new computer was getting spammed with messages from your old body!
“I just wanted to help my girlfriend at the strip club by taking an Xchange please let me go” but they refused as I begged, they tied me up, helpless and bonded onto a chair “w- wait what are you doing” a man near me unzipped his pants and pounding me “you’ll make a perfect bondage servant”
After having a heated argument with my older sis about how she thinks I treat women she says with passion “why couldn’t you have been my little sister” all of a sudden I’m strapped to a chair and I’m a girl. I say “what have you done to me” (rp in comments or chat I’d prefer to be the boy)
“Holy shit! No way. That’s really me? I’m sorry I made fun of you for going to cosmetology school. I had no idea you were this good at it! How’d you get everything to look so real?” (RP)
My friend had a strange condition, he couldn't have one body for to long. He is a hopper and he hops from body to body. I hadn't seen him in a while. One day I went to this bar and this girl ran up to me and called me dude. Turns out this is him and hes stuck in that body forever. (RP)
Over_Doze
As your wife laid asleep next to you, another night of no sex, you continued to fill out the form for replace someone.com not expecting anyone to want your wife’s body, yet she had a taker and you watched as someone new began to force their way inside, your erection growing as she moaned (RP/DM/AMA)
When reports of the FOSE began, Bridget knew what she had to do. After the lip and Breast implants, all the tats, and the complete wardrobe replacement, she needed to get away from her controlling boss. So, she sent me this video and some lewd messages. Next thing I knew. I was the one in her bed
My sister (red dress) was lamenting about how she can't find a girlfriend so she forced me to go to the swap clinic...I don't know how I feel but damn is she a bit of a dominatrix (rp/ama)
I used to be his sugar baby. That was until he offered a large sum of money to swap bodies. Now he’s my sugar baby in my body and my personal fucktoy. I love the way he dresses my body all sexy, just for me to rip that off and start pounding him. God, sex is way easier as a man! (Rp wanted!)
Just found this subreddit AND I COULDN'T BE MORE FITTING hhahahahh (IM A NYMPHO WHO GETS HERSELF OFF AT LEAST 20 TIMES A DAY hehe )
"Babe, what's up with your eye?" "Oh sorry about that" you say taking out a purse that seemed to be filled with eyes? you take out her brown one and replaced it with a blue one from the bag. "Better now?" after a second. "I did tell you about how I now own all the parts of your girlfriend?"
My swap class year was considered the 'Doomed' year at University, supposedly everything would go wrong, but so far it'd gone right! I got swapped with a really cute girl, and was passing! Then it all came crashing down... the government banned swaps... forever. I was stuck like this!
I was a cop and I was tracking down some pervert who was spying on women's changing rooms. When I finally found him he was jerking off. I tried getting close to him but he blew a powder in my face and I passed out. When I woke up my clothes didn't fit and my chest was heavy what happened?
You recently made a deal with the devil where you could be anyone you wanted. The devil twisted it so when you became the person you counld change again and you slowly became her
I love flaunting my sexy body around the apartment it drives my two roommates crazy. they don't remember me as a guy ever since I picked up this cursed yoga mat.
I couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of the situation. Here I was, in my ex-girlfriend's body, at her babyshower, YEARS after we broke up, all because she made some stupid, poorly worded wish on some magic coin. The magic even stops me from telling anyone who I really am. What a day!
I’m gonna have a hard time taking this bodysuit off. I mean it’s so realistic, I’ve already bought so much lingerie and swimwear to show off this new slutty body in. I know we’ve only been roommates for a few months but I need you pumping every one of my holes. My tongue is out and my ass is wagging
Samantha had been acting awfully chipper for someone who just lost her husband. The investigation was ongoing, but she was a suspect. I ,her neighbor, chose to seek inside and look for clues. “I’ve been expecting you” was all I heard before I dropped the wine from her hands and my old body ran
(M4A) In the real world, you were a star quarterback. You were built like a tank and not a single person would ever call you anything besides the definition of masculinity... Nobody could ever know that you serve as a brothel whore as a hobby inside the Metaverse~
“Flash your tits!” I shouted out to a boat full of girls on the other side of the lake. I continued to laugh as one of them was a witch and they cast a spell which transformed in front of my best friend’s eyes. “What?” I asked seeing his reaction and finding that my voice sounded weird. (RP)
"So you got me into this body now what. Put the remote away I am not going to let you fuck me. Please turn me back dude this isn't funny anymore" (Rp open or AmA)
So I recently possessed this girl with an old spell I found. She was still aware in my head, yelling and complaining. Do you guys have any ideas on what I can do to torture her so she’ll shut up? Anything goes! Just let me know!
My visit to exchange island was... different. Whoever got my body got into a jetskiing accident, and in the following law suit I won a new body... the company director offered up hos own daughter! Now I'm female and back at my apartment with a whole wardrobe to try on...
NeuroCo had recently helmet one could wear which would project brain waves into the body of another, as you could become them. It didn’t concern me much… until my body froze up and began to move against my will! Little did I know, my pervert neighbor was an employee there! Help! (RP)
Paul never understood what his daughter saw in her meathead of a boyfriend Hank. Until one day he found himself in her body just as Hank slid in. After experiencing multiple orgasms, he finally understood why. And it was Paul who initiated the second round.
When the Celebrity/Pornstar Shift switched best friends Lena Paul and Angela White into Scarlett Johansson &amp; Florence Pugh a month before the Black Widow premiere Disney saw dollar signs, they quietly started a porn company and put the women to work and released the porn in the end credits scene.
I missed my friend so much, he died in an accident a couple weeks ago. I wanted to have him back in my life. I decided to bring him back with a spell. I lit some candles and performed a seance. everything went dark in my apartment and pretty soon my sexy Neighbor came over saying shes my friend.(RP)
"Babe, what's up with your eye?" "Oh sorry about that" you say taking out a purse that seemed to be filled with eyes? you take out her blue one and replaced it with another one from the bag. "Better now?" after a second. "I did tell you about how I now own all the parts of your girlfriend?"
“Here I am!” I said ready to see you.I could tell you were surprised to see me like this. “Well, I did lose the bet after all, here I am. What did you plan for the day? Please tell me it’s not embarrassing”. After you lost the bet, I had to dress like a girl. You didn’t expect me to go all out
The great shift was extra hard for me. I swapped with a super hot girl, but her entire wardrobe was just tight clothes, all her skirts and pants were super short, and every where I went I just wanted to rip them off, not because they were uncomfortable... because I was turned on.
How could I not try out my new neighbors body. She works all week so I waited for a Friday to possess her. I turned her cellphone off, so I wouldn't be disturbed and settled in for a fun weekend.
you were to be granted one wish. it could be anything. all you wanted was your sisters life. she was always good to you, you had a good relationship. but you were always jealous of her. you wanted to be pretty, to have all that attention. finally, you would RP
I was born into a poor family, I wanted to know what how it felt, Ally the entitled bitch from my class would always call me a peasant, it hurt a lot knowing I couldn’t change my social status and I dropped to the ground from stress, I woke up, but things felt different, Im Ally?!! “What the hell?!”
Wanda must be really mad she disabled my magic and made me a woman I heard her open a portal before she left surely she wouldn't leave me defenseless against anyone to strong (RP)
Swap class meant I ended up swapping this cute chick. She wasn’t particularly happy about it but that’s the roulette of swap class! Can’t wait to enjoy the semester as her. (RP)
After waking up in the body of Annie Lincoln, the hottest girl in school, on a Saturday morning. I needed to see what it was like to get high in a female body. My ringing phone can wait, I want to experience a female orgasm while high as a kite. Being in someone else's body is such a trip!
WWYD With This Body?
You watch in horror as I had just shot your fiancee with a custome gun and pushed my huge form into her tiny body. After I feel the skin closing in on me I feel my cock growing and rubbing against the inside of her pussy. With a moan, it breaks out of her vagina and I start gently stroking it.
I bought a possession ring online and left it on the hall table in my house waiting for the first person to pick it up and try it on. I was delighted as I saw mom pick it up, any moment now I’ll be shot into her body!
You and I were bestfriends since childhood and were looking for an apartment to move into together. You found an amazing one for a cheap price but the owner would only rent to women. As such you convinced me to take an X-change so we could live there. This place even has a pool!
I had a secret condition, if I put something on, I transformed into the last person who wore it. My gf spilled juice on my things so we went to her home to wash them asap. She then went to work, leaving me waiting naked. I heard someone arriving at her house, so I quickly put on a random t-shirt(rp)
Did I even have a way out of this at this point? My girlfriend owned a huge brand and she thought I could pass off as a female model. I laughed it off and agreed. 3 months later through dieting and other stuff, here I was. “Hey babe, after the photo shoot, your turning me back right?”
I blew the fan in my face. “I still don’t know why your all doing this”. I went on a trip with my sisters. Instead of a sibling trip, they decided they wanted a ‘girls trip’. They spiked my drink with a pill and changed all my clothes.”Couldn’t I have changed after the train ride? I mean look at me”
Possess Chunky Caitlin and Humiliate her for 24 hours. Let's hear what you all have in mind!
I had a dream where I was Riley Reid and I remember waking up and feeling so hot. I looked in the mirror and realized I actually had become her and there was a man in my bed. I couldn’t help but to find a creative way to wake him up.
Body Swap Convo with Courtney
My milf neighbor, Maya, always talked about having kids and made sure everyone knew. One day she came to my house and asked if I was willing to impregnate her. I obviously declined so she decided to swap our bodies and impregnate herself. (RP Dms only)
(M4f) Swapping bodies RP
(M4ApGLaDOS) "Hmm, test subject has been edged for 2 hours, yet shows no sign of achieving a climax... Is this form too intimidating for the fleshy meatbag? Very well, you are in luck as I have a new body prepared, one designed for more... Intimate... Experiments..."
"Oh fuck yeah!" I screamed in my tight white panties. I spanked my self watching it jiggle. You may be asking, how did this happen? Well, my sister gave me her hoodie and I transformed. And now my girlfriend's in the room staring at my ass. She's bi. (Rp Open)
"I can't believe it's almost over." David looked at the ocean, reminiscing his time on the island. He simply enjoyed the body he was in too much. It was at this point where he began to hatch a plan to sneak off the island so he could keep the body permanently. It should be easy to bribe a fisherman.
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. RP WANTED
"Told you they didn't 'grow' over the summer. They're 100% fake." Mike was swapped with Kristi, a girl who became busty over summer break, for class. And the first thing he did as her was settle a bet with his buddy. "If you don't believe me come over."
"Awe you look so cute." the witch said. "you'll be a fine girl. so sexy as a black girl..." and then she snapped her fingers and I'm in a room I don't remember (open rp)
My girlfriend was annoyed at me. Anytime she sucked me off it would inevitably turn into a facefuck. This time she brought out a pill, telling me to take it to enhance the experience. She took one too. Next thing I know, I'm looking back at her in my body as she pushes me to my knees (RP)
I was the CEO of a company and i had a hot secretary. She wanted to move up in the ranks but felt as if she was restricted due to her being a woman. So she decided to go straight to the top and swap bodies with the CEO, which was me! Now, she asks me everyday to stay behind after work… (rp wanted)
At my collage there is a rule, if you break too many rules you get turned into a chick, forced into a sports team and get paired with a member of the football team, i got put onto the track team and paired with you, the captain of the football team. "Oh great... you're here" (RP)
My sister’s new boyfriend was spoiling her, always taking her on vacations. I got a little jealous and decided to possess her for their trip to Disneyworld... but now I don’t know how to get out!
My sister and I got into a huge fight last night. When she wished I was never born we both felt the house shake. Now not only am I a girl, I’m younger then her. Rp
“I’m sorry It had to be like this” I told my twin sister from her own body on the phone. I was tired of being the ugly disappointment twin and decided to become the better twin. So I stole my sisters body. Here is was getting ready for “my husband” to get out of the bathroom
“Dear friends and family, I have waited a few weeks to post this in case it was a nightmare or reversed. But there was an unreported accident at our college that swapped the boys dorm with the girls dorm. I am now Mia. Thanks Mia for letting me post on Daniel’s Instagram page one last time.” (RP)
There had been an explosion in the college Chem lab, my body was covered in 3rd degree chemical burns. I was rushed to the ER and into emergency surgery. when I woke up I looked like this. (Open RP/AmA)
Those eyes are deep
Beautiful shemale on webcam show very sexy – live at www.cambutterflies.com
I look at videos of me with a bit of sadness. I was turned into this hot woman by my girlfriend for a while. But ever since she turned me back... I miss being a woman.
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan
My body finishes shaking and I look in the mirror. I have a feeling that the pill I just took wasn’t Molly. (RP)
"Ok so I may have bought one too many. But in my defense they look great on me, I mean you." Chris and his wife Becca swapped to experience life as each other, but it seemed Chris was enjoying himself too much especially when he went out shopping. The couple never returned to the clinic to swap back
I thought it would be fun to ski off the trail, but it turns out the woods were enchanted! Now I’m stuck as a beautiful girl on a ski trip with all my best bros! I think it’s about to get a lot more interesting...
I’m in this new body and I’m looking to be told what to do! If you’ve got some fun suggestions for me then drop me a message;) (RP)
“Ok, *Rhonda*. I think you’re done for the day. Go home!” My old body barked at me. Rhonda was my cleaner and had rigged my autocloset to transform me into her…not before setting herself in my old form
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. (RP WANTED)
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. (RP WANTED)
"These panties are tight!" I say in a joyful voice. I pull them back and let go, letting them ping off of my ass. I then decide to log onto my twitch account and stream. And I know have 150k views because of my sister's body. Then, my girlfriend came in. RP Open
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties. RP WANTED
(M4TF) "C-come on dude, d-don't you think you're taking advantage of me here?" You'd complain as you struck a cute pose while wearing a rather slutty catgirl outfit. Ever since you underwent top and bottom surgery and fully transitioned, your roommate's been using you as living fap fuel~
I couldn’t believe I was doing this in my own sisters body. Sitting on my knees in lingerie, just having made her classmate cum… my parents had put me in her body to improve her grades but now I get why she couldn’t on her own, she is a total slut. And now I am one too…
"Fuck me harder!" I yelled at him. You may be asking, how did this happen? Well, I was falling asleep in my class, and I woke up in my teachers body. And she was a hot milf. After school, I went to her house and her stepdad came in and asked for his fun time. Rp Open
My friend and I went to our prom together for our senior year, but we got a fun device to swap us for the night. Usually I’m the bigger girl but tonight I get to be skinny and tall and strangely… way more horny… I may have to sort that out with someone!
I was visiting my aunt and she asked me if i want to swap bodies whilst I stay over. A few days pass and she seems to be enjoying it. I was sat on the stairs playing with my hair till she came back from the gym in my body. I saw something grow in her pants, till i realise how i was sat…(rp wanted)
The soon to be king said his first action would be to execute me for a crime I didn’t even do. So I had to act fast. I got a possession potion from a witch and put it in his wine at the ball. But his soon to be bride must’ve drank it instead. I’ve now woken up as her and we’re getting married today
Body Swap Convo with Bella
Can't say the family swap has been bad. I switched with my big breasted cousin that was visiting for a few weeks. When I went back to her place, I was surprised to be greeted by an incredibly sexy brunette who couldn't keep herself off me. Didn't know my cousin was a lesbian either, but I'm not mad!
I look at you, I still couldn’t believe you had possessed my college crush… for me. I open my mouth slowly and softly ask you: “So, what’s the plan?” (RP)
My milf neighbor, Maya, always talked about becoming pregnant but unfortunately for her she was single. One day she came to my house and asked if I could impregnate her. I said no so in exchange she swapped our bodies so she could impregnate herself. (RP Dms only)
“Hey what’s this bottle of glitter on the tab…” the bottle popped and splattered all over my body *coughing my lungs out for about 5 minutes* I regain my breath and from the coughing cleaning off my face before looking back at you “what the hell was in that bottle” your jaw drops “what’s wrong?”
The worst thing about being transformed into a woman by an old warlock is how obedient my new body is. It is embarassing!
"You can't be serious!" I said not believing what you just proposed but you only replied, "Well if she had taught you better you might not have failed female anatomy 101 so I think it's only fair if I use her body to teach you all about it!"
"You can't be serious!" I said not believing what you just proposed but you only replied, "Well if she had taught you better you might not have failed female anatomy 101 so I think it's only fair if I use her body to teach you all about it!"
“Okay I’ve been wearing your ex girlfriends clothes for an hour now, you’ve had your laugh. Can I have my clothes back now please, and why are you still laughing?” Rp
Body Swap Convo with Courtney
I worked in a quite bar with Abby. It was a really chill job and she was very cool and easy to get along with. After a pretty dead shift I asked did she want to stay back for a drink, and when she accepted….well that’s when I put the swap tablets in our drinks
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as a gift. RP WANTED
Last semester there was a huge hazing scandal in one of the frats. Not only was the frat disbanded and kicked off campus, but none of the guys came back to school. In other news, there’s a new sorority with smoking hot chicks on campus (RP)
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. (RP WANTED)
this was definitely different from what you were used to but you didn’t have much of a choice. you had to hide in plain sight after being forced on the run. who better than this beautiful innocent christian girl? something tells me you won’t uphold her reputation, though RP
‘She chose a new body improvement guy, now buzz off!’ Kylie’s voice snapped rudely. Something wasn’t right. I had been her fitness swapper for a year, why would she switch service now? I followed you. ‘No way, either you’re her playing a prank on me... or you’re some creep who’s stolen her body!’
Felt this belonged here
I was a ‘rapper’ who had a very strong brand image, however the issue was I couldn’t rap very good and I would swap bodies with this woman who would rap using my body whilst I write the lyrics. Here I am in her body, waiting for her, as i send her a pic of me arched over in her sexy body (Rp wanted)
Body Swap Convo with Lindsey
I was addicted to porn. I was home jerking off one day when out of nowhere I found myself on my knees with my neighbor standing infront of me. He took his dick out. Without giving it much thought I started sensually sucking his dick. “WHAT IS HAPPENING” I yelled out in my head
After my girlfriend had acted like a MASSIVE bitch, I figured, “Why not make her a real one!” I swapped her and my dog, and told her that if she ever wanted her body back, she’d do as I say. And, what do you know! My dog still remembers her tricks! “Good girl,” I say, patting her head (Rp Wanted)
Any girl want to swap body with me irl?
“oh sh.. Mr Rodgers I’ve sorted your files but I spilt coffee everywhere, I’m so sorry I’ll clean it up.. I’m such a klutz sometimes!” What she meant was all the time, my secretary was only truly good for one thing and she’d do anything to get up the ladder which I was about to find out. (RP either)
I swapped bodies with the popular girl at my college and my head was flooded with some lewd thoughts. I couldn’t help but to send a video to the first contact I found. who was it
(M4A) You were a parasitic alien that had the ability to possess the minds of others~ After invading Earth, you were unfortunately quickly run over by a car and left on the verge of death... That is until a human found and nursed you back to health~ Now, you want to pay him back for his kindness~
Bodyswap | Pictures and Videos | Scrolller NSFW
I loved my new bodysuit and whenever you left our apartment for a few hours I would rush to slip into it. Today I fell asleep while enjoying my new flexibility and you found me like this on our couch.
“Hey, I finally made it home. Quite the change huh?”. You knew your roommate had been caught up in the great shift but you didn’t know how drastically. Finally, a long haul flight later I was back home. (RP)
Stealing got boring. At least... stealing money did, so I decided I was going to steal a LIFE. While I meant to target this girls dad with a possession spell... hitting her wasn't too bad either, living as a fucking princess is pretty sweet, especially... with a body like this...
The tradition of a pool party after the first week of swap class was an odd one. Here are me and some friends reunited in our new bodies. Funny that they both ended up as blondes! (RP)
Body swap convo with Lindsey
‘What? Do you really mind your fiancé not wearing a shirt? Have you turned gay?’ I laughed as I lounged in your former fiancé’s body. I had taken over her body and wasn’t planning on returning it any time soon. ‘Maybe I’ll take off even more and make some pictures, they last longer’ I smirked
Female
"Fuck you!" I screamed at my friend. "find a way to change me back. I don't give a fuck how. wait why you looking at me like that? " (open rp)
(M4A) I couldn't help but gulp nervously as the three women before me slid down my boxers, each of them with the same perverted expression on their faces. All three were androids that were built, and are currently being piloted by my nerdy, overweight, degenerate roommate to fulfill his fantasies~
"Stop twirling around and hold still, I still need her measurements for her birthday gift!" I asked you to possess my girlfriend so I could buy her the perfect fitting dress for her birthday without her knowing what I had planned. You seemed to enjoy your time inside her a bit too much.
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. (RP Open)
I've been looking at these old pictures of me a lot lately, now that I'm catching up to the "present." Next week is the lab accident that sends me back to 1952 as a woman. I've now been female for 70 years, a mother, grandmother, and soon-to-be great-grandmother! AMA!
Discount bodysuits were a dangerous gamble to waste your money on, one faulty seam or the zipper could break right off. I mean this one was probably defective but you could never tell until you slip them on, so far so good.
After a bright flash from somewhere a ways off I found myself blinking, dazed... my girlfriend didn't seem affected at all though even though it seemed to be aimed right at her... hey, why is she suddenly feeling herself up? Did someone steal her body!? (RP)
I swapped bodies with my wife’s personal trainer who was called Kaur. The swap was so i could see how my wife would perform in her training sessions. Kaur had asked for it to be extended and on each session my wife would come and talk about how much better her “husband” has gotten in the bedroom.
When you hopped into my girlfriend, you thought you'd have it easy. Little did you know that the reason she was always so happy all the time is because I broke her brain with hypnosis when we started dating. I hope you're ready to do whatever I say, babe!
“I have a confession to make: I’m not your daughter, I’m your boss Mr. Harrington. I bought her body at the swap auction a few days ago and I thought you should know. She didn’t want you to tell you so that it wouldn’t undermine her authority as head of your department. Do your best to curry favor.”
"No, but you're really serious about turning me into Ganyu!" look at you angry
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. (RP WANTED)
We were at a bar, having way too many drinks. You had dared me to take an x change, and I drunkenly agreed. “Well, how do I look” I say as I walk back over to my friend.
The role exchanger hit me and my friend Jake really hard, as we both ended up as a couple cute femboys with an intense attraction for one another. This is how we spend most of our free time now.
I'm a private investigator and i have the ability to shapeshift into women when wearing there clothes. I'm mainly hired to see if someone's spouse is cheating, 90% of the time they do cheat. You are the first person to come in this week to come in. "Hi there, what can i help you with?" (RP)
When I woke up this morning, I found myself in my brother’s body. It was so gross. So I decided the first thing I needed to do was shave his body hair and put on a cute outfit. I’m about to go to the mall (RP open)
I am sick and tired about reading tales of woe from "victims of the FOSE" who ended up in a celebrity's body. Oh, poor you. What about the celebrities?! Or people like me! I was the senior class president, and Wendy, the big-boobed geek, was thinking about me when she was touching herself!
“Dude I need your help. I broke into the sorority house, but the girls caught me held me down and started reading from this weird book. Now they drug me to this room saying to get ready for the frat party tonight.” Rp
We both knew our mutual friend had a thing for me, but she was just too shy to admit it… That is, until the FOSE did it for her! Finding myself in her body with no warning, and in such a compromising position, I panicked and called the only number I recognized in her phone for help – yours.
After your most recent break up I used my shapeshifting abilities to make you feel better. I asked you to name any celebrity for some special activities. Your choice was made fast, Emma Watson. And before you knew it the perfect copy of her was on her knees before you taking all your cum!
“I already told you bro, I’m not actually your girlfriend! One second I was over there swimming, the next I’m tanning on that towel…’ I say standing, my hands on new new hips. ‘Woah, what do you mean some guy drowned?” (RP)
You need to fix the time machine! I'm not parading around as some 60s housewife any longer! I know you're having fun, but if this outfit doesn't convince you to get us back to our old bodies, nothing will. And this is the last time!
"Pray tell, why must I speak in character too?" I ask. Was it not enough to merely entrap me in this busty form with thy magic? You are aware that after this event has concluded I expect to be returned to my previous form yes?" I say angrily, hoping I wasn't stuck pretending to be a fantasy maiden.
After getting tripped over by Violet the Head Cheerleader I wished to get payback. The next morning I woke up in her body wearing her favourite flowery dress. Everyone acted like I was still the same old me, even my GF offered me a blowjob while she stroked me through my new panties.
"I was always attracted to your sister and now I am her!" I had found a way to swap bodies a couple weeks ago and decided to try it with your sister. She had an amazing body and this way it would also allow me to spend more time with you. (DM for RP)
Just as you stepped out for a smoke, one of your father’s machines malfunctioned! It sent a wave of feminizing energy through the house, affecting everyone but you. (DM)
I had been in a coma for years, trapped inside my own head, even though I could hear everybody. But one day I felt someone's touch and before I knew it I was back, looking down at myself, in the body of my nurse.
Sometimes you need to pick yourself up by the bra. I was some lonely loser wasting the best years of my life. My fitness friend tried helping me, but all that work out stuff, that’s work. I wanted the easy way. So I stole her strong body last night. Maybe she’ll make my body will go to the gym now
“Aaaa… what’s the matter Robin? Can’t do anything? Come on! Mae me stop!” I heard my rebellious voice whimper as I was forced to continue snacking my ass. I was in class earlier when a cool chill came over me. Immediately I ditched the class and began to do this in my dorm! I can’t stop! Help! (RP)
I'd finally got my big break in Hollywood being cast as Green Lantern. Then on the last day of filming the Great Shift hit sending me into the body of this girl auditioning for some reality TV show across the lot. Thank God I kept my brains and I've been getting a lot of roles offered to me.
"I'll go back to the basement make sure Ariana doesn't cum in your body we both know how loud you cum. Wear this robe to hide the fact your naked and get rid of whoever's at the door. If you aren't back in five minutes I'm not going to let you touch yourself when I ride that pretty face of mine.
“See dude, look at how hot my own sister is… fuck!” I swapped bodies with my sister for her swap class project and went to show my friend, when my button broke and I showed him more than I thought. “Hey, don’t look at me like that, only I can admire her. Get your own sister”
My sister and I got into a huge argument last night and woke up this morning in a Freaky Friday situation. I was kind of enjoying it to be honest, just strutting around naked getting used to it. She didn't look to be enjoying it as much when she walked in on me shaking my new fat ass (RP)
It's been a week since Eric's dad's machine broke and caused the family to swap. Eric went to go check on him to see the progress in fixing it, but he was shocked to see his dad bent over with his sis's bf behind him. Looks like it'll be another day in his mom's body for Eric.
“You fucking asshole. Turn me back!” Is what I try to yell. Instead I just blow a bubble with my gum and then giggle. “Hehe. I’m so pretty. Look at my pretty hair.” (RP)
Strange incidents started occurring when the mall's extension was built on a cemetery. You and your girlfriend were shopping, when you suddenly lost control of your bodies and you started fucking in one of the changing rooms. "God this feels so good as a girl", your little sisters body moaned.
My friend Abigail accidently swapped our bodies 8 months ago. Unfortunately, that same night, I had sex with her husband in her body, and now, 8 months later, I am very much pregnant.
My friend has the power to make me swap into her body at random moments. But this time was different. I was just relaxing at home, but then in a flash, i’m now looking up at her boyfriend. I then try to play it cool. Waiting for her to switch us back. If she does(Rp)
This is my latest host body, thought I'd share this video before I cut her nails!
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan
My friend has the power to make me swap into her body at random moments. But this time was different. I was just relaxing at home, but then in a flash, i’m now looking up at her boyfriend. I then try to play it cool. Waiting for her to switch us back. If she does(Rp)
My girlfriend was crazy about her cat, I decided to break up with her saying “I wish you loved me as much as you do that cat!” Suddenly she clicked and i fell asleep, I woke up as a cat!
Alan had attached the control chip to Lily’s neck during lunch, and she had no idea. When he got home he put on the helmet and found himself suddenly in an attic - Lily’s attic. He was in full control of her body, as he had possessed her! She was still aware in her head, unhappy. (RP)
I thought Swap class would suck, my beautiful girl would be swapped with the only gay dude. The voice would stay the same so no more identity theft could occur. After listening to him talk on the phone though I felt myself warming up to the idea of showing him the full female experience. [Sound]
I always thought it was cool that me and Elizabeth Olsen shared the same birthday. However I didn’t expect in my 18th I’d be waking up in her body.
I don't care what your stupid wish was, I'm not your perfect woman. And just because I *might* be attracted to you, doesn't mean you can keep pinching my butt. Okay? Now you need to figure out this magic mumbo jumbo so I can go back to being your best friend.
When dad came out as trans, he said he truly wanted to be a girl, not just look like one, and began taking pills to suppress memories of his identity. The drugs were a trial, intended for a week only, but I make sure to renew his prescription after all the things I've done with his amnesiac body
“Yeah we’re really doing this. Go get dressed, we have a dinner to get to” we had both been quite single lately and it was finally Valentine’s Day, I felt bad for the both of us and popped an xchange for the evening. (Late Vday post bc I was busy)
“Ayyy… this feels amazing, papi!” I say in a rather… offensive tone. I was telling off some bigot earlier today when suddenly he began to laugh like a maniac, before disappearing suddenly. Only then did I lose control of my body! I can’t stop myself from doing so much weird stuff, help! (RP)
"Yeah! I am FINALLY graduating out of this stupid boarding school!" I was sent to a boarding school where badly behaved men were turned into women, made to be docile, sweet and get educated... you figured after I graduated I'd change back... but secretly? I'd be trained to be your girlfriend...
I was pretty excited after you won 2 free tickets for a spa day and asked me to go with you. But we didn’t know it was for couples. As we step into the sauna it felt like my body was reshaping. Rp
[kik kagero7] my gf and I have been dating for a few years and things have gotten boring I was not as attracted to her as I was when we were young. My wish was granted and her mind was put in this new sexy red head. I don’t know if I can keep my hands off her for long
My 1st wank on an AIRPLANE BATHROOM (I almost passed out from the orgasm at that altitude :))
“Omg she told you?!” After my class mate Emily and I swapped bodies for reasons unknown we both promised we wouldn’t tell anyone. I can’t believe she told her best friend. This is so embarrassing. Rp
Me and my girlfriend fucked up! We had sex during the FOSE and swapped! Here we are desperately trying to switch back but, unfortunately, it didn't work! Now all I've got is tits on my chest and cum in my mouth...what are we going to do? (RP?)
Alan had attached the control chip to Lily’s neck during lunch, and she had no idea. When he got home he put on the helmet and found himself suddenly in an attic - Lily’s attic. He was in full control of her body, as he had possessed her! She was still aware in her head, unhappy. (RP)
R
I should never have taken that bet. Legends talked about people never coming back from the forest glade after spending the night. Well I thought it was stupid so I slept there at your dare. Well now I know why people don't come back. No one would believe that I was ever a guy.
So my wife found out about my X-Change habit, usually I would head of early and come home late to give it enough time to run through my system. Guess she figured out something was wrong and set up a camera in our bedroom. Anyways no reason to fret, I was finally a free woman!
“Look man, I’m just trying on an outfit. I’m not doing anything weird, ok?” It’s been a week since your girlfriend and I mysteriously swapped bodies, and you just walked in on me at a… less than ideal moment. You’re beginning to think this might not have been an accident…
I couldn't wait to participate in the family swap. I had been allowed to choose which body I got, since it was my first time. I chose my sister. Unfortunately we had to quarantine shortly after the swap. Worst of all my sister was on her period and didn't tell me. I intend to still have fun, though
We were two middle aged guys hoping to get into Silicon Valley. Unfortunately nobody cared about us because of our age. So we got some bodysuits and now we’re some cute girls everybody wants on their team. We’ll be running this town soon enough.
This random swap went perfect for you. You've always been highly submissive anyway and in this body you're almost totally helpless. The big boobs are nice too. (RP)
My family was mostly supportive of my decision to undergo surgery and become my mom’s clone. Mom loves having a twin. My sister loves her “fun aunt.” Dad is the last holdout. Hopefully my little display can change his mind.
"Ugh yes mom I've got panties on. yes I've got a bra on too, fucking hell why did you turn me into a girl? I know you're secret... but you used magic on me no fair..." (rp opens
I went on a cruise trip because I wanted some excitement in my life but to my surprise a lady offered to swap bodies with me so she could get off the ship without leaving her husband and promised to give my body back when it’s over I agreed but it ended a week ago she hasn’t come back yet
After the Great Shift placed you in the body of a young Filipina, you struggled with the change in your race and, most of all, your gender. However, you got used to all these changes after a couple of rounds exploring your new nubile and horny body.
It was so nice on vacation. Apart from that one creepy dude hanging around by the pool. He must have slipped something in my drink, because when I woke up and took a sip, I started to change.... (RP)
‘Well... I guess I’ve spent long enough in this room. Time to try and be Dani I guess!’ I had been a spirit locked away in a mirror. But luckily, this girl had bought it. Now her body was mine! I wasn’t going to let anybody find me out, but I had to try and deal with whatever was outside her room...
After hijacking Molly's body and throwing her into mine, I made her meet me for drinks. After seeing how hot I look dressed up, I had to take her back to her old apartment and make a real man out of her 😍😈
"there I did it now can I get my old body back? " I ask my best friend who used a swap remote to swap me with his sister.
‘Well... I guess I’ve spent long enough in this room. Time to try and be Dani I guess!’ I had been a spirit locked away in a mirror. But luckily, this girl had bought it. Now her body was mine! I wasn’t going to let anybody find me out, but I had to try and deal with whatever was outside her room...
My sister and I got into a huge argument last night and woke up this morning in a Freaky Friday situation. I was kind of enjoying it to be honest, just strutting around naked getting used to it. She didn't look to be enjoying it as much when she walked in on me shaking my new fat ass
My wife knew I wanted to get rough. One day she told me I could do anything, even invite my friends. Recording a video of her consenting to anything, and cries "No" were to be taken as playing. Next she insisted I secure her in this, locked, *darkness*, I hear something about, you want? you get it!
The cruise ship i’d been travelling on had sunk. I jumped overboard, not knowing if I’d survive. Somehow I woke up on a beach and something was very.. different. Please tell me someone else survived?! (RP)
I love looking back on this picture. This was the moment I told Brian that SHE was stuck in my old body for the rest of HER life. Two years later, I have absolutely no regrets. I love being a man, and Brian definitely didn't deserve to be one.
"This is... tricky," I silently say to myself. I was testing a possession potion some old lady gave me. I meant to possess my sister's best friend's boyfriend... but I think I goofed. Instead I possessed her best friend while they are at some party. I have no idea how to reverse the possession.
“Ayyy… this feels amazing, papi!” I say in a rather… offensive tone. I was telling off some bigot earlier today when suddenly he began to laugh like a maniac, before disappearing suddenly. Only then did I lose control of my body! I can’t stop myself from doing so much weird stuff, help! (RP)
(RP) I was on Spring Break in the Bahamas and two of my classmates, who happen to be twin brothers, went exploring. I went looking for them hours later, and when I called out to them, these two beauties answered. "Jacob? Nathan? Is that you?" I asked. "Not anymore," they replied.
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
(M4A) You were a slime I had encountered during my travels. When I found you, you were being chased by various monsters and on the verge of death. Of course, I chased them away before nursing you back to health, and now you travel with me, possessing or transforming into any girl I find cute~
"Oh my...is that me??" I ask as I now tower over my old body. My babysitter came into possession of a unique necklace that had the ability to swap bodies when two people touched it. When she picked me up I reached for the shiny, grabbing the chain just as she put me down "I'm so big!" I grin
When I woke up from a nap I was in my sister's body (she's in my old body) I decided that it's time for payback for 10 years of hell. (Rp open)
When our daughter left for college, my wife had such a severe case of Empty Nest Syndrome that there was no choice but for me to take her place. When she leaves each year, I take her appearance, her name, move into her room, and in all ways become her in the eyes of my wife and the rest of the world
I was swapped at birth and had to return to my female body. She decided she didn't like her tattoos so she sued for her original male body, the body I had been living in. But on side is that now you're playing me to be your escort. Easy money, I just wish you didn't make me wear these tacky outfits.
"I've worked for the FBI on the skinner case for months now. The latest victim that disappeared was your maid Ms. Smith and worse we don't have any evidence that she ever left your mansion. We will need to keep an eye on you because he might be close." If only I realized how close you truly were.
Redhad shemale TS Shiri Trap anal banged
Thats me on the right. This was taken right before I swapped into the blonde. Once I was in she freaked out of course. It wasnt personal but I wanted him and he wanted her. She freaked out and the cops came so we left together. He fucked me so hard I had to bite the pillow. Were actually dating now!
There was a glitch while I was in Swap Class and now every time I sleep I’m switching with the entire class, even the Professor! I’m not allowed to get caught or I’ll fail so I’m just living their lives as best as I can. (RP)
This is not how I expected my 18th birthday to go. There’s a curse that everyone in my family switches genders when they turn 18 and only those who have spent a lot of time with me remember the old me. I was glad to see that you still remember the old me. (RP)
I joined the Peace Corp to travel the world and help indigenous people. The tribe I was assigned to wouldn't trust any man so they had me transformed so I could get closer. But I have to remain nearly naked as is custom with their women. It's gonna be a long and strange six months, but I'm loving it
Non-Characters
God that witch wasn't lying. I got cursed the other day to be a girl, and i guess part of the curse meant i couldn't wear any of my clothes. I just left my home with jeans and a hoodie, now I'm wearing this dress and leather coat, and why did the boots have to have high heels. (Ama/rp)
I had promised my daughter I would break up with her boyfriend. But after spending the whole day in her body I got horny and her boyfriend had promised me he would not penetrate me. "Oh fuck it just jam it in my pussy" I could no longer bear the teasing of his wonderful cock.
My friend went on a trip to Europe with his girlfriend. I wished that I could go but I was broke. Suddenly I was in her body ready for dinner! I’m keeping my swap a secret. I don’t want him to be mad and frankly the sex is too damn good! I never new my friend was so big🥵
They were calling it the Lover shift. An incredibly odd great shift that swapped single people into the body of someone into a relationship. Not a single single person swapped with another single person. Or someone who was in a relationship swapping with someone else in a relationship.
I ordered a body suit that my friend recommended to me. I usually use it for gaming, but this time I couldn't get it off. And my girlfriend came, I could tell she liked my new look. RP Wanted
"Like what you see?" I say to my date as I toss her long hair and admire her juicy butt in her tight red dress. "I told you that I'd give you a Valentine's Day you'd never forget. Just that I'd be doing it using your own body!"
I always wanted to be a red headed girl and I was scrolling through my contacts, realizing I had a friend who met that description. After a trip to a witch doctor, I was able to swap with her. Now I am sending her a video showing just how permanent our swap is.
Fuck, this is bad.”Tracey, come on…please? This isn’t funny!” I was snooping around my neighbor’s place. Her husband was murdered, and she was the prime suspect. One second, I’m digging through her files then I hear her laugh *FLASH* I found myself holding her phone and my old body had rushed away!
My wife and I are vacationing in Europe. I thought we had to much wine before we went out when I saw a female version of myself in the mirror. I felt myself get pulled in when I touched it. Now I can’t see my male self anymore. Rp
"Come on! It's been like two months since that fose thing, just because I used to be a guy, doesn't mean I'm not a woman now, alright?" I've I've pushy and persistent, trying to get you to date me ever since the fose swapped me.... valentines day was like the perfect excuse!
*panting* what.. the hell is your… problem *catching my breath* that witch permanently swapped us, your not getting your body back ever and neither am I sis, you need to learn how to be a guy by the way if I need to do this
My brother got in a bad car accident, he was brain dead for a while and the doctors said the only way to keep him alive was to put him in my mom's body. My mom said it was ok and they put his brain in her body. He was shocked at first but I think he enjoys his motherly role now. (RP)
“Sarah can’t be serious…right?” I tug at the long strand of blonde hair and wince in pain. My girl was kind of a witch. She’d caught me texting my coworker. She knew what a slut she was and said “oh? Why don’t I help you spend more time with her!?” She said bring home a paycheck and she won’t answer
Robbing rich people sounded like easy money. The place was supposed to be empty, but when I saw a rich girl in lingerie beckoning me in what was I supposed to do? Except when I put my hand on her shoulder to push her down to her knees, I found myself looking up at myself, a smug grin on my face (rp)
"So what do you think? I make a hot chick dont i?" I asked standing infront of you in the skinsuit i made. I was never able to afford a real one so i decided to make one myself from a sex doll and everything worked, i could feel everything and all the holes worked aswell but now it wont come off(Rp)
The wish was simple, all I asked was that I could somehow help my father out and cheer him up. How was I to know that the passing by fairies idea of “helping him” would be to turn me into his new personal toy. I guess he does seem pretty happy when he’s “playing” with me though.
Due to the pandemic exchanges went a little different. Instead of me physically moving I would be put in the exchanged students body. What I didn’t expect was to be put into the body of a girl! But it’s not too bad. Time to explore Sydney as a cute girl!
I was testing a new device that would allow me to travel between universes, but it accidentally merged ours with another. Now, normal people in my life have been replaced with celebrities… My trashy neighbor is now… Zendaya. And she’s acting weird around me… what should I do? Who else is different?
I love valentines day. it gives me a chance to gain new people to mess with and to let last year's go. all these girls were offered a deal that if they could get someone to touch them before the day ends then they can steal their bodies. now I'm offering you the same deal. only a year till valentine
"You'll never believe the kind of day I've had," you were pretty surprised to come home to find your girlfriend's mom topless on your sofa. More surprised to find out it is your best friend in her body!
I was on my way to a boring work event in South Dakota when I saw this cutie on her way to Cancun. I body hopped her as she got onto her next plane. 15 hours later I'm soaking up the sun. I send this video to my old phone and say "Thanks for the vacay, I needed some time off."
Solar Eclipse Swaps were exceedingly rare, rarer than getting struck by lightning. Or so I read. I was taking a pic of my girlfriend for her Instagram, but then the light hit in just the right way... now I’m looking at myself from her body!
My girlfriend and me had a heated argument about me being a lazy uneducated looser without a job. So she decided to take matters into her own hands and turned me into an escort girl. But I can't stand being a girl and my new job.
You found a bodysuit last week, hidden away in your Dad’s closet. Late one night, you decided you would see how it feels. You sneaked through, grabbed it and threw it on, it felt great and natural! Not to mention you looked amazing in it but you didn’t know your Dad’s friend was staying over…uh oh
I was swapped at birth and had to return to my female body. She didn't like her tattoos so she sued for her original male body, the body I had been living in. You offered to pay me to be your fake girlfriend and arm candy. Easy money, I just wish you didn't make me wear these tacky outfits.
I knew my girlfriend had a kinky side but this is a whole new level. She handed me a pink pill and has been going to town on me ever since. “Babe stop! My body can’t take it anymore!” (RP)
There was a glitch while I was in Swap Class and now every time I sleep I’m switching with the entire class, even the Professor! I’m not allowed to get caught or I’ll fail so I’m just living their lives as best as I can. (RP)
Going from a black dude to a white chick was the biggest shock of my life, especially since it was with my valentines date. Who knew that a white chick would be so into having her own dick? She asked me for a BJ and i said yes. I tie up my hair and start going to town on my former cock… (rp wanted)
My friend’s sister was so hot. She had to be mine. I asked her out but she said I wasn’t her type. So I swapped with her instead. I have to admit, being a girl is so much better than dating her anyway (RP)
So I ordered a bodysuit for streaming so I would actually be popular, but this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. (RP WANTED)
Being rich was the only thing i ever wanted in life, so when i got one free wish, of course that’s what i wished for. wait, what is happening? why am i in a girls body?? i guess this is how i’m rich, by being married to a rich guy… (cont. in comments)
It was Halloween, we were sitting in our college dorm room. When I was scrolling through my phone and it popped it up. A pic of your big sister looking hot as hell! “Damn I wish you were her right now…”. This is the moment I realised I had magic powers, when you suddenly transformed into her!!!!!!
It was a few days before the convention and your friend invited you over to see his cosplay. He’s sure that you would have never guessed who he was planing to go as! (Rp, Chats Open)
This has been the craziest week of my life. I first woke up Monday in Sarah’s body, but every morning I woke in someone else’s body except now it’s Saturday and I’m still in Michelle’s body!
"Dude! Stop taking pics of my sister's ass and let's figure out a way to swap back." Mike said from the body of his sister's friend. The two boys used a spell book they found and accidentally swapped with the girls. Although it seemed like Ryan wasn't in the mood to swap back yet.
So I ordered a bodysuit for streaming so I would actually be popular, but this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. (RP WANTED)
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. (RP WANTED)
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. (RP WANTED)
Please can someone help me, I’m in the woods behind the school, some couple sparkled TG powder on a flower and threw it at my face, I was so embarrassed I can’t show myself anymore if any of my friends get this can you come and see me behind the school -From Your friend
After my indian friend and I had swapped bodies, she had constantly been sending me videos of her jerking off. I was annoyed but one day after my period I felt extremely horny so i sent her this video of me and wrote below it,” Imagine me doing this on top of my dick…” fuck shes typing! (Rp wanted)
"Ugh bro what the fuck I know you're still upset about Emily breaking up with you because of your fetishes but damn I'm your sibling you can't just turn me into a girl and tell me to.. wait why am I stripping... help" (rp)
“This this…this can’t be real.. there is no way that stupid spell worked…how did he…why did he…I need to message my best bud…he will be able to change me back…he has to…after getting me in this mess.” YOU mumbled to yourself as you stood in this new lavish bathroom as the new YOU…Angela White!!!!
Your ex recently left you for another man, one night as you were drifting off to sleep you wished you could be her for a day and find out what this guy has that you don’t! No one was more shocked than you when the next day, you woke up in her curvy body! Her man staring at you, with morning wood👀👀👀
These girls in our class had approached us about a four-way body swap. They wanted to do it with dudes so they could try out you know what with their old bodies. They gave us a choice between them but i think im going to swap with Rani… the girl in the brown top. (rp wanted)
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
My milf neighbor has had a crush on me ever since I moved I next door, but she’s 50 and double my age, I shouldn’t have went outside she ran right up to me “Hey please will you be my valentine I love you” I was in shock but all I said was “sorry it won’t work betwe-“ I woke up the next day as her
After my indian friend and I had swapped bodies, she had constantly been sending me videos of her jerking off. I was annoyed but one day after my period I felt extremely horny so i sent her this video of me and wrote below it,” Imagine me doing this on top of my dick…” fuck shes typing! (Rp wanted)
My dad and mom swapped bodies. She told him he doesn't understand all the work she does around the house. Now he always hangs out with me but he still wears his own clothes. (RP)
Dan was home alone when his parents' valentine's gift was delivered. The package was big and Dan got curious and found a skinsuit inside. He decided to try it on only to find it was a sexy woman, but she looked familiar. That's when he realized it was his mom's 18yo body. Then the front door opened.
When my best friend (right) and I (left) took X-Change pills together, I had no clue that we would end up like this… at a couples resort, holding hands; never wanting to be with anyone else… (RP)
“What do you mean I need to work on my fashion sense?” Ever since the great shift happened my friends had tried to support me in my new life as a woman. It seems I’m not quite there yet.
“Hmmm hello? As anyone lost their body?” I ask with a sigh over the loud party music on the disco (RP/DM)
It was my brothers first day of college. He goes to the same one I attend now. The Great Shift hit and he ended up in the body of our mom. He and My mom are in good spirits now my mom wanted me to take some pictures of his first day. (RP)
"So, the person you wanted me to shift into... was your mom?" I scoff slightly, seeing you nod excitedly from me returning a favor to you as a friend, "Well, if that's what you wanted." As we keep talking, I go back to trying to do the impossible task of getting some damn pants on this woman.
"Shit those tits weigh a ton", I thought as I lounged around in my mistress´ apartment... and her body while she is doing god knows what at my home. If only we never read that spell..
I was one of the top private assassins available to the ones who know how to find us. My secret? I get close to my target by hopping into the people close to them. Like now as my targets darling daughter. As I’m about to pull the trigger I feel hesitation. ‘This life is so great I could just stay…’
I'm still mad you booked this trip through the Body Swap Travel Agency without telling me. And now I'm some local model and you're some hunk! So will you stop looking at me that way! This is awkward enough and I don't like all her skimpy bikinis.
My dad’s gold digging new wife just couldn’t wait to get her greedy hands on his fortune, so I decided to do him and my siblings a favor and impersonate her with this suit. She can’t steal our inheritance if she’s caught sleeping around with half the town!
Best place to pick up bodies? Campus bars. The college girls are so stressed out, they practically throw their bodies and lives at you for an escape from it all. This cutie was en route to be an architect before my claws (and mind) into her, though she now lives a stress-free life as my pet gerbil
“..Happy Valentine’s Day you cheating bastard.. there’s no escape from that room so don’t even try.. I sure hope you like being in your whores body because I’m not swapping you two back until you fuck!” I say through the camera perfectly knowing that sex would make the swap permanent..
“Babe put that thing away!! You can’t just walk around with it out all day!” I whispered to my wife while we were walking to get coffee. She had just learned that she could shapeshift and decided she wanted to grow her own cock this morning. (Rp in chat)
I was at a pool party this girl kept getting cat call after cat call well I went up to her to apologize for my friends behavior and she started crying saying how she wished she was someone else so she didn’t get looked at like an object next thing I know I’m in her body what do I do!
I was the coach of a cheerleading squad and the main cheerleader was sick of how I was always on her case. She used a spell to swap our bodies to give me an insight on how hard and stressful it was to live her life. Here I was practicing her moves until she arrived in my body…(rp wanted)
Test
I had failed one too many college courses, lost my trust fund, and gotten in trouble with the Yukuza. my witch mother said she'd help me out but I'd have to become a girl and date this guy she knows from work who's my age.
After a stressful week at work, there's nothing I look forward to more than my wife zipping me into the skinsuit on a Friday evening, knowing I'm free of human concerns. It isn't easy to move in the constricting rubber, but I almost jumped out of my skin when I heard her back from the bar with a man
You had a crush on your friend for as long as you can remember. He was always so handsome but you knew he never felt the same. That is until you mysteriously swapped with his girlfriend on Valentine’s Day. Now you kiss him knowing tonight he’s going fuck you the way you’ve craved for years!
Due to a "clerical error" in registering for classes to begin getting my bachelor's I was put in swap class and got swapped with this Asain hottie but now they found the error and I can't swap back....(rp/ama)
After a stressful week at work, there's nothing I look forward to more than my wife zipping me into the skinsuit on Friday evening, knowing I'm free of human concerns. It's not easy to move in the constricting rubber, but I almost jumped out of my skin when I heard her back from the bar with a man
We were dance rivals since we were young. But we never managed to place high. Your plan to swap me and your partner's body sounded crazy. But after performing a solo I was believing we might be able to pull this off. If only we can convince the judges we didn't hate each other gold would be ours.
Me and you made a bet. We both backed a team for the super bowl! You picked the Bengals, I got the Rams. The loser had to take a gender changing pill and do whatever the other said. This was us the next day, the forfeit was done but YOU were enjoying the new YOU and spending time with your BIG bud
“You… must be kidding.” I say over FaceTime with you, my best friend. Last night we had found a glowing rock and you had jokingly wished for a perfect girlfriend, while I wished to be more attractive… this is what I woke up to the next morning. “Where is the rock Dude!?” (RP)
Join the Demon Time Discord Server!
You had tricked me into the pool full of liquid X-change! Now I was stuck as a girl, feeling extra shy and submissive...
Just as you stepped out for a smoke, one of your father’s machines malfunctioned! It sent a wave of feminizing energy through the house, affecting everyone but you. (DM)
Me and YOU were just chilling having a few beers, watching Euphoria. When YOU out of the blue asked “I wonder how Zendaya got that role…she’s great!” I smirked and said “why don’t I let you find out” I snapped my magic fingers and transported YOU into her body as she worked to get this BIG role.
"You're an absolute snack Molly. Wherever you were going I can't wait to get there" I whisper to my new reflection using my stolen voice. As Molly screams within her head and tries to take back control, I smirk and bounce her breasts in my hands as I walk outside to meet my new friends
So I somehow swapped bodies with my sister and I decided to start streaming so I would actually be popular, but after this stream, I couldn't take it off. And it's valentines day. So my girlfriend walked in, and I think she wants my titties as her valentines gift. (RP WANTED)
Fuck, this is bad.”Tracey, come on…please? This isn’t funny!” I was snooping around my neighbor’s place. Her husband was murdered, and she was the prime suspect. One second, I’m digging through her files then I hear her laugh *FLASH* I found myself holding her purse and my old body had rushed away!
After our butler got old my family decided to gift him a new body. I was horrified when I learned that they forced my fiancée and him to exchange bodies, but apparently, he counted as family and she didn't. At least the milkshakes he makes are still pretty tasty.
"OMG! Ashley!?" "Chris? WTF Dude!?" Zoe and Matt were minding their business until the FOSE hit, sending Zoe into her sister's bf's body and Matt into his friend's gf's body. The two may have been confused, but since their new bodies were already aroused that didn't stop them from having a round 2.
"You've not seen your father anywhere, have you? You know what he's like for hopping into things and getting himself stuck. Well... let me know if you see something squirming, I've been looking for him all day." Dad always was an amateur hopper. But he makes a great doll
It was pretty simple to be able to tell the difference between swap class teachers in the first year and older professors. "Oh that's why you wanted me to follow in your footsteps dad" I say as I give one of his cheeks a playful slap.
You found a necklace that allows you to capture two people souls and force them to enter any empty body. Maybe you will have your revenge after all these years. (Rp)
I sighed looking at my friend, who just used magic once again to turn me into a chick he could take to the date with his parents. “Can’t you just get a real girlfriend?” I sighed. “I hate when you do this!”
“Dude, stop treating me like I’m actually your little sis. It’s not fair!” After the reality remote broke, it left me stuck as a girl and everyone thinking I’m your little sister.(Rp always open)
As a shooting star passed by our planet I made a wish, I mean it was harmless, or so I thought as everything fell one-by-one like dominos. I wished for a bigger dick, while you wished to steal my body and for me to transform and take my place as your girlfriend...
(Rp post) I was running on the track at college when a pregnant girl ran right by me. My mind started to drift on how she could be so fast. After getting a good nights sleep, I felt a little heavy in my stomach. To my great shock, I saw that I was the girl that passed me.
We has gone on double date to a museum. We must have touched a cursed artifact because we ended up swapping bodies with our girlfriends. They made us record tiktoks and I kept looking around and noticed something sticking out of my girl’s pants, did she get hard looking at herself?(Rp wanted)
“Thanks for the invite dude, I can’t believe that fine piece of arse is finally legal.” I laugh but I seriously needed to speak to you.. “..so yeah in the dream I could swap people’s bodies, the thing is I think I still can, what do you mean you don’t believe me? Tell me who to swap I’ll prove it!”
My sister, recently moved to college, texted me and asked me to find something in her old room, but warned me not to touch anything under the bed. As I was searching I reached under there, and when I came back up my entire body had changed. She had put a curse on it that turned me into a girl!
You have always know what's best for me, you're the best friend anyone could have, you told me to breakup with my girlfriend and now i'm happier than ever, you even took me to the swap clinic and baught me a new body and now i love myself even more than before! "Best boyfriend ever" i text you. (RP)
I went to a festival taking a drug I thought was Molly as I walk away taking the drug my body and clothes change to a skimpy looking girl (rp wanted)
I couldn’t help but smirk as I looked at my new body in the mirror. My obsession with you had cost me my job, my family, everything. In a last attempt, I ‘borrowed’ some of your stepdaughters DNA before she left on a secret holiday and concocted a swap potion. Now I could have you all to myself!
I can't believe it- just yesterday I was a man- now I'm a woman named Jessica getting ready for her wedding!
"Dad I get it mom left and you're lonely but did you have to use your warlock powers to turn me into a girl?" (rp)
You have always loved Kpop idols and her tight bodies. After long time being a fan, one day you wake up in the body of your favorite idol, ready to make all the thighs you dreamt about
I love my crush so much that I wanna teach you to be her so we can rp as your my long term romantic partner. Kik wereartthou
I had no idea what I was getting into when I married a witch. It was fine most of the time, but she just swapped me with her daughter and said she wants me to “explore my feminine side.” (RP)
Want to do Possession rp?
I was a keen tennis player but couldn’t get onto the tour. The great shift happened and I ended up suddenly in the body of this beauty. I’m still keen to play tennis but there are some new weights I’ll have to get used to first… (rp)
I’m sorry I had to know what it felt like being a woman, I bought tons of silicone parts to wear, massive breasts, silicone vagina, silicone gloves, mask and wig, but I got a little too tired it took so long to wear so I feel asleep, I woke up trying to take off the silicone and I couldn’t
You and I were confirmed bachelors on Valentine's day. We were going to just watch an action film and order Chinese like our frat day's. You open your fortune cookie and get kinda nervous. Next.thing you know you look like this.
dm me please
I had bet my body during a poker game. well I lost and my poker buddies decided that I would look cute as a sexy black girl. now they want to fuck me. help.
So I forgot about Valentine’s Day… I haven’t made a plan at all and my girlfriend is pissed at me. I went to bed wishing I didn’t have to worry about planning the dates and the next morning I woke up in my girlfriends body and my old one was freaking out… (RP)
My ex girlfriend decided to humiliate me in the best way, she invited me to a party, but when I arrived they kidnapped me, I woke up and she was playing with my body, now she was a beautiful busty girl, her older brother is fucking me while she and her friends grab my huge boobs, i fell so good now
You were tired of your bully making your life hell so you found a way to swap with his girlfriend. You planned on getting him to leave you alone. You didn't plan on your new bodies attraction to him...or his big cock.
During a drunken poker night with my boss, she bet her daughter's body and I said I'd bet mine to match it. I thought she meant I'd fuck her daughter if I won and my boss would fuck me if I lost. But the morning after I won I woke up in this body!! What do I do?!
give me a descripion of your dream body and i may forfill it.. or make it your worst drean
This hat gave me extraordinary powers, but came at the cost of losing a piece of myself everytime I use magic. However YOU can help this fledgling witch as she still has a lot to learn and might find a way to offset the downside. COMMENT your wishes and you might find them fulfilled.
During a family get together we played a game where we were all paired up. I got my younger cousin. Her and I won the competition: my granddad came up and handed us some envelopes. Upon opening them we suddenly swapped bodies! Apparently this was a yearly prank our grandparents played on the kids!
An unexpected change! You had tried on the skin suit as you just wanted to mess around in it for the weekend. Instead you find that once you finished getting in it the zip broke off and there is a key entering the front door. I guess I didn’t go home to my families for the weekend! (RP)
"I have a few confession to make, dad. First, I haven't been away at college these last two years. And second, I wasn't spending the tuition you sent on college fees. Hmm? You don't believe the surgeries made me a perfect replica of mom? Does this convince you? How about this one?"
Finally. I'm in my aunts body. I pull her boob into my face and suck on the nipple, letting milk flow down my throat. Oh fuck, her girlfriend's coming. And when she came she was horny as hell. (RP WANTED)
After I was kidnapped and an xchange pill was forced down my throat, here I am in the recovery center, waiting for my friend to pick me up and take me back to my place.(Rp always open)
The Future is Female (M2F) (Rp/Chat)
I lost a bet with a witch, as punishment she told me that she would give me two huge problems when I woke up, the next day I woke up as a woman and discovered that those two problems were two huge boobs, now my mother lent me her clothes, although I think that does not fit
After my indian friend and I had swapped bodies, she had constantly been sending me videos of her jerking off. I was annoyed but one day after my period I felt extremely horny so i sent her this video of me and wrote below it,” Imagine me doing this on top of my dick…” fuck shes typing! (Rp wanted)
Dm me.Last saturday night i saw my gf's friend and i thought to her all the time and now i woke up in her body.DM me
We has gone on double date to a museum. We must have touched a cursed artifact because we ended up swapping bodies with our girlfriends. They made us record tiktoks and I kept looking around and noticed something sticking out of my girl’s pants, did she get hard looking at herself?(Rp wanted)
I was laid on my bed watching porn when the fose hit, I suddenly felt more hornier in this body, and the pleasure that cam from it was nothing like I had felt before, I carried on watching the porn in till I couldn't take anymore.
So I upvoted one of those posts warning us all not to do it. I suddenly felt like I was going through a tumble dryer before finding myself looking like this. It's so weird, I can barely see without these glasses and all these new piercings are a strange feeling to be stuck with.
‘And? Can you tell the difference?’ I asked you, my best friend, pointing to my new face on our trip to Rome. Your mom had bought you and your girlfriend tickets to Europe hoping you would propose to her and finally get married. Only she had broken up with you 2 months ago. That is where I came in.
You thought you were the luckiest guy in the world when you woke up in the body of your family's hot maid, that is... until your father walked in on you admiring yourself. (RP)
I've been talking to this girl online for a while and she asked me out on a date, the only problem she thinks I'm a girl. Worried about how she would react I ended up buying an xchange pill to turn into one. I bought some clothes, but their a bit tight. Hopefully it goes well. (DM to RP)
Ya know I was just trying to be a good son. My father was a surgeon and needed a subject for some “secret” new procedure. I thought it might be some small body sculpting, not to turn me into som sort of FREAK! I guess I still have my face…(Faceswap/chat)
I find someone in. My daughters body and they say “You know what daddy, you’re right I’m not your little girl, but if you want me to let her come back you’re going to have to fuck your little princess, come on please daddy🥺”who are they?
I’ve always lived on the farm, with myself, my mom, my dad and brother.I’ve never been to the city, but I’ve always been interested in futa girls. Suddenly, I felt a sudden shift, and I was no longer in my body, but in a city girl’s body being impregnated by her Futa girlfriend.
(Rp post) I was running on the track at college when a pregnant girl ran right by me. My mind started to drift on how she could be so fast. After getting a good nights sleep, I felt a little heavy in my stomach. To my great shock, I saw that I was the girl that passed me.
Wow, this new body is flexible! I looked around her house for a toy but couldn't find any so I had to improvise.
I love my crush so much that I wanna teach you to be her so we can rp as your my long term romantic partner. Kik wereartthou please
I'm gonna be honest. I used to try crazy titles to catch people's eye to rp. Do I have that today? No. Am I the best rper? No. But if you're looking for a genuine rper whose active, into celebs, and working on her craft, I'm your girl. Here are my fav celebs irtr
Ian and Erick always used to eat together at recess, but over time Ian became friends with the popular girls at school, on Friday Ian went to a party without Erick,and at night Ian sends him a message saying: Ian already does not exist,now I amAlexa and I want you to come right now and fuckmytits
Yesterday I bought a digital book that said that when you woke up you would have your deepest dream come true and you would feel all the progress, I tried it and I had the best night, I felt how my body became that of a beautiful and busty woman, now I am going to school to be fucked by bullies
dm me
I wanted to make my friend happy, I took an Xchange and went on a date with him, things got really hot, we were in bed and I was pleading in my head, please don’t cum please don’t cum, but the worst happened and he came, I’m so screwed and- crap he just proposed, “omg yes!!” Why’d I say yes?!!
Who likes my new look? I’m thinking of setting up a little egirl house. We could make so much money and all have fun together! Comment a link to your chosen body and any other info about you (how you’d make money and what you’d bring to our fun house!). Can’t wait to live together!
"Hey, I'll meet you there wearing this, kay?" The great shift was awkward for us, I swapped bodies into your crush, and after months of awkward flirting, and watching me learn to be a girl, you finally asked me out! I was beyond excited, because my new body likes you back!
My neighbor has a crush on me. It was obvious. Except... she's only 19 and I've always been into MILFs. When I told her, she said it wouldn't be a problem, she then said some spell and turned into one! The worse part is… everyone is acting like I’ve been with her since I moved in. (RP)
It was suppose to be simple, use the spell to turn myself into a girl so my friend would have a date to prom. Well I must have said it wrong because now everyone remembers me as a girl named Anna and I can’t reverse it. Rp
Come one come all and step up to my body shop. Want a new butt, some new boobs maybe a whole new gender. Tell me what you want And you will be turned into the perfect version of yourself. So what are you waiting for become the new you today. (DM for RP)
So my family is a group of witches. All family members are female, and I'm the only male. So to continue the chain, they made me a milf, so I could change people's genders. Don't trust me? Describe a girl in the comments
I offer to be your Valentine's date after your girlfriend broke it off with you. My offer was suppose to be a joke, but the next morning I woke up like this! Somehow even reality has changed! Everything thinks I'm Miki, the foreign exchange student who is dating you!!
The night before Valentine’s Day. We threw a coin into a fountain and walked back to our place. We both wished to have a date tomorrow and when you turned back to find me you watched my t-shirt change into a dress… and my body get smaller. “What’s going on dude?” I said my voice getting higher. (RP)
One of my friends invited me out to a super fancy bar. As we sat there and talked she recommended one of their more expensive drinks. I didn't realize it was gonna be this strong, and as I drank I began to turn into her mother! "It's getting late, you better get home, mom, dad's waiting!" She'd say.
“H-Hey umm… y-you’re like, really cute.” I said, embarrassed to my formed body. My girlfriend got tired of my cocky attitude and decided to use her magic on us. (Rp always open)
Sure I drink, party and sleep around well a lot.. and well one night I was confronted by some lads girlfriend, turns out she’s a witch.. she put a curse on me so every time someone touches my body we swap! I’m now stuck at home but my brother keeps stealing my body when I’m sleeping!
“Sis, I don’t know why you’re getting at me, mom’s the one who swapped our bodies, yell at her instead!” I wasn’t really happy when my mom swapped our bodies, but hey, I’m out of college and I’m free to do whatever as long as I’m you. It’s a win! (RP)
After my indian friend and I had swapped bodies, she had constantly been sending me videos of her jerking off. I was annoyed but one day after my period I felt extremely horny so i sent her this video of me and wrote below it,” Imagine me doing this on top of my dick…” fuck shes typing! (Rp wanted)
You received an alien remote capable of alter reality and change things at your will. You asked me to go to your house to test it but as soon as I open the door I get zapped by a ray. After the flash I felt different and I can't help but bite my lip. You grin as you push a different button.
You wake up to discover you are in the body of a 23 year old male wearing nothing but black shorts. You examine your new body to discover it reacts differently to your own. What are you going to do with it for the next 24 hours (RP)
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan
One day my friend come to me for playing fifa ,i told him he can stay overnight but i need do to somethig and i have to go out,i told him also to not disturb my sister. Nex day in the mornig he said he´s sorry but he fuck my sister all night long and was so hot ,well he dont know i dont have a sis.
I truly hated hoppers who thrives on chaos they leave behind not only has he left me as my brother and stolen mine but now he’s sending me a video from a cheap hotel room of him with a freakin ginger cunt.. I really didn’t know what to think but he best not leave that ginger as me and disappear!
"You wake up to discover you are in the body of a 23 year old male wearing nothing but black shorts. You examine your new body to discover it reacts differently to your own. What are you going to do with it for the next 24 hours?" (RP)
After the Great Shift, I woke up in the body of this girl in a motel in the middle of nowhere. She didn't have a car and no money, so my only solution to go back home was to hitchhike (RP)
When my husband and two sons schemed to dominate the women's olympics under feminine disguises, they needed to siphon their incriminating testosterone into somebody. With my new 11-inch manhood, the process has been as transformative for me as it has been for them
We'd gone to the gym together like we always did. Afterwards we'd hit the showers. It was there that the WAVE had struck. You were unchanged but I wasn't. As I left the shower my body changed right before our eyes.
I was laying down in my bed, ignoring the fleshy thing which was throbbing. My friend and I had swapped bodies for fun. I was still a virgin due to religion. My phone vibrates and its a video from my old body and after watching it, all of a sudden my hand is wrapped around his former dick(rp wanted)
When I found out my gf cheated on me I was heart broken. Now that time has passed tho I’m looking to get revenge. I just possessed her body now all I need to someone to help me expose her as the cheat that she is. (RP)
My girlfriend, who is usually shy, becomes a mistress after I see her collapse, I think she’s being weird, but little did I know she was possessed by a perv looking to ruin her
Body Swap RP
I invited all my friends around to watch a big football game but during the game all the power went out and when it turned back on I was no longer in the same room or the same house for that matter I'm now across town in my sisters flat in her body, what's going on and am I the only one?(RP)
Your sister in law couldn't make it to her girls-night-out but didnwant to let her friends down, so she had you swapped in her place. She dressed you in this short little number and told you not to let them know you're not really her. You're nervous as they take this picture but then the drinks come
It just so happened that the moment you stepped outside was the moment that your Mother's autocloset malfunctioned, sending a blast of feminine transformation energy throughout the house. While you weren't caught up in it, everyone else within the family party was... (RP)
Body swap travel agency
When the Great Shift happened most people affected didn't know until the morning, waking up in a new body. You however got swapped into a body that was already getting railed. You had no time to even figure out what happened, you just kept getting fucked.
Our parents had gone on holiday and my brother and I had swapped bodies with our sisters! It was interesting at first but me and my brother got sick of staying at home so we got dressed up. We were ready to leave till our sisters refused to let us go and forced us to stay at home…(rp wanted)
“Gosh I wish you had bigger tits.” I say to you as you look down at your new male body, panicking as you do so. “Our chests are pretty much the same size hahaha. Just kidding. And yes we will be swapping back soon this is just temporary.” I say to you from your former body. Now lets fool around!(Rp)
We, as best friends, decided to swap bodies for a week, the only condition was that if you were to cum in me, it would become permanent. 5 days into the swap, I was playing some video games, when you decided you wanted to spend the rest of your life as me... (Rp in dms)
"Fuck, where is it?" I cursed. I was a college profesor and found a book with a possession spell. I used it to posses one of my students during her lunch break but after having my fun with it someone returned the book to the shelves and the lunch break ends soon! (rp)
Our parents had gone on holiday and my brother and I had swapped bodies with our sisters! It was interesting at first but me and my brother got sick of staying at home so we got dressed up. We were ready to leave till our sisters refused to let us go and forced us to stay at home…(rp wanted)
We has gone on double date to a museum. We must have touched a cursed artifact because we ended up swapping bodies with our girlfriends. They made us record tiktoks and I kept looking around and noticed something sticking out of my girl’s pants, did she get hard looking at herself?(Rp wanted)
Once upon a time …
My friend and I are vacationing in Europe. I thought I pregamed to hard when I saw a female version of myself in the mirror. When I touched it to see if it was a trick mirror or something I felt myself swap places with her. Now I can’t reverse it. Rp
Anyone want to possess me?
Does anyone want to rp possessing me?
Your body altering device was more or less a success! You did however misplace a decimal somewhere and now you've these massive melons to deal with. There's no going back so you're g9nna have to make the best of what science gave you.
I thought it was a joke, sure I had talked some crap about the Greek life and the fears about the frats on campus but this is just crazy. Making me put on a bodysuit and go to a party like THIS!? These heels are impossible to even stand in! (Chat)
During a fight with the sinister six, i started to feel change. But i couldn’t stop fighting. It was painful when my body randomly change into a female. I defeat the villains and swing to the top of the Stark tower. I start to gasp as my body finishes changing.
I found a ring when I was in my daughter’s bedroom. I smiled and put it on, missing my daughter while she was away at college for the first time. Next thing I knew, I was in a college dorm as my daughter’s roommate. (RP)
I did it! I found a way to get around being drafted for the stupid war going on at the european border and still being able to enjoy riding my bike. My manhood was a small price to pay!
My son had made a huge mess. Due to some ring he found our whole family was switched around and I ended up as my own daughter. After the switch he threw the ring away. I looked through the trash but it was already emptied and gone. Yet I couldn’t help but smile I was gonna be young and sexy again!
Fuck, this is bad.”Tracey, come on…please? This isn’t funny!” I was snooping around my neighbor’s place. Her husband was murdered, and she was the prime suspect. One second, I’m digging through her files then I hear her laugh *FLASH* I found myself holding her phone and my old body had rushed away!
"Awe don't pout br..I mean sis you lost the bet and now pay up. you're now my sister." my brother said to me. (rp)
I was enjoying this new body in my favorite coffee shop. Nothing like a relaxing mocha to start the day. But I probably shouldn’t have picked somewhere so obvious... it looks like my old body just walked in. And she... or rather, he, looks majorly pissed.
As a swap slut, the favorite part of my job is contemplating the face of pure joy of my clients while I fuck them relentlessly. I know precisely how to please my pussy, so they always have a great time. I just adore how they just can't get enough of my tiddies. Making them cum is almost a kind!
When the great shif had happened I had swapped into a girl about to go to a nightclub with her friends as she was finishing putting on her dress (rp wanted)
Turns out one of my closest friends is a witch. We were jokingly talking, as we normally do, and I mentioned that I wondered what it like to be a girl. It couldn't be difficult at all could it? Well, I passed out, and woke up like this. I think I was wrong, this chest is HEAVY.
She’s got exams this week, so she begged me to swap to take them for her. Even though the exams are online, I’m still dressing up for them. You don’t get to have boobs like this often!
I couldn’t believe it but after years of research and work I had finally made it, a time machine and I was going to be the first to use it but little did I know there was a thing about time travel I didn’t choose to learn~ (RP)
My sister was complaining about back aches with her pregnancy, and asked if we could swap bodies for a short time. Her husband and I agree, and we do the swap. However, my sister got into a chat accident, killing her and my my original body, leaving me as the one pregnant. (Rp)
I love my crush so much that I wanna teach you to be her so we can rp as your my long term romantic partner. If your interested...ill also let you use that skill of being ger on others. Kik wereartthou
The hardest part about having been shifted during the great event, is forgetting I can't do all the things I used to. I forgot that it's not "lady like" to show people what's under your dress. All I wanted to do was show off!
Which two media characters would you most like to see a bodyswap of?
One of the things that always fascinated me about the early 21st century was their obsession with large breasts. After my first hands-on experience at The Island, I guess I can't blame'em. They're truly -what is it that they called them- funbags! It's a pity the got outlawed in the gender-wars (2)
Anyone down to talk about bout body swap stuff etc. dm me
The first thing after 15 years in prison was break into my old house. Seeing the new owner I couldn't help myself,the second I penetrated her I went dizzy next thing I know I'm bouncing on my old cock.She fucked me for hours &amp; when she finally bust her load I shuddered as the swap became permanent.
I think i was a guy. But i remember growing up as a girl. My freind, i mean my boyfriend was telling me i would look cute as a girl. I mean that i looked cute today. I think he deserves something special.
We’d never seen our recluse neighbour outside of his apartment but there would be women leaving and loud noises constantly. However, little did we know that he was turning women into skinsuits and wearing them for his pleasure and that my girlfriend was his next target as she came home from work.
My friend was helping me lose weight and work out, and was feeding me his special protein shakes. At first, my results were absolutely amazing. I was shrinking so fast. But then, my chest and ass stopped getting smaller, and my dick started shrinking. Worked out so hard I guess it made me a woman
“You can’t keep doing this bro, these girls have lives and you’re ruining them” I text back frantically to the random number which had sent me this video. However, I knew it must’ve been my friend, he could possess people and had decided to turn women into his playthings.
Who wants to possess me?
"Look, I know I agreed to swap our bodies so you could see what your outfit looked like, but are we nearly done? Hey, stop that! put my cock away!"
"Really dad you're gonna swap me with my step sister? Okay then just put your fucking cock away were at the marina"
I want to be her
My son had made a huge mess. Due to some ring he found our whole family was switched around and I ended up as my own daughter. After the switch he threw the ring away. I looked through the trash but it was already emptied and gone. Yet I couldn’t help but smile I was gonna be young and sexy again!
“Dude I told you I would possess her” I peel away my borrowed panties after possessing your college crush
I soon learned what happened to my girlfriend's ex. When he tried to leave, she'd had him feminised, made to look like her, broken his mind, and kept him as a pet, or a trophy. She offered him to me to use as I wanted, and I'm too afraid to disobey her
"HELP It's the old guy who tried to assault me!" I cried. As I watched the police drag away my body I couldn't help but turn back and smile as I felt all the cum sloshing around in my pussy, courtesy of the entire football team. Poor girl thought she could swap us back, if only she'd got here faster
Umm can somebody help me?? Was messing with my roommates stuff got into her bras and just wanted to see how huge the cups were… next thing I knew my chest started swelling… 😅😅what do I do?
Both of us were having dinner when reality decided to change itself and turned me into a woman--and only you realized that something's off. Apparently we're dating, too? (RP)
I stood in front of the mirror and sent you the picture. My family had a remote that change reality, I tried using it to give me better grades to not study but it backfired a lot. “Hey, I messed up trying to use the remote, can someone help me?”
A few days ago, I gave a homeless man some money. In gratitude he gave me this strange green gem and he told me that this can control the minds and bodies of anyone I want. I then went ahead and tested it on my bully Blake and I somehow ended up possessing his body ! (Possession and mind control RP)
Took over this woman's body. Got her a tattoo but I think she'll need more.
Dad, I get mom left but did you have to turn me into my sister? wait what are you doing? put your cock away!" (rp)
I went to bed a guy and then when I woke up something was very different. I was somewhere new and I felt a strange sensation between my legs. What’s happened to me.. it does feel nice though
Who wants to possess me?
Soulmates are a beautiful concept aren’t they, I never believed that I’d ever find love but when the soulmate program was released, I found my perfect lover, she was sweet and kind until tonight, the program was meant to let soulmates bond, yet never said we’d swap with each other
A Crush Swap! (RP)
“..Hey baby I just wanted to let you know I’ve got a big surprise for you when you get home and send..” the front doorbell went but being excited in the moment and slightly dim I totally forgot about the body swap spell I’ve used meaning that the next person I gazed at was in for a surprise!
u/Callista3 cursed me to be stuck as this woman until I get her back into shape. It'll take ages before I can manage that! Meanwhile she gets to be me... she better not ruin my figure while I'm fixing hers!
I was 32f when I met Dana. She never told me anything about her life, only that she was jealous of me being a homemaker. I told her I was jealous of her bar hopping lifestyle. She asked if I wanted to trade. I woke up to this.
I sent you a picture of me, “hey I took that pill you told me to take… what the hell man!” Since Valentine’s Day was coming up and I was still single, you told me there’s this new pill that would make me more attractive, “why am I a girl? Where’s my clothes? I woke up and you moved everything out”
Mister O'Brien, would you kindly report to my ready room immediately to explain why the transporter just beamed back the away team as five Keikos
It seemed impossible to believe, but the beautiful girl in front of you was still me, your best friend. The pharmacy mixed up my meds and gave me X-change pills instead. “Dude, it’s me! You have to believe me!”
Dave always swings by the Swap Clinic on his commute to and from work. There's usually a "new-girl" there needing a ride. Great way to make some extra cash. Though sometimes they pay in other ways. You were broke but very enthusiastic about earning your keep.
Several months ago I was getting ready to go on a date with my wife when the Great Shift dropped me into the body of the collage girl who watched our kids. She was giving her BF a valentine's day gift when we swapped. I couldn't stop myself and now I'm pregnant.
I had been changed by my father into the ideal daughter because he wanted a hole to fill. well I guess he's gonna fulfill my incest dreams.
I look at the strange rectangular computer in my hand. “Feb 12, 2022?” That can’t be. It’s Aug 28, 1997, isn’t it? I was driving home from work and now I’m… where? I hear a man call out “sweetie we’re home.” I look and see a strange man with a woman who looks a lot like my wife if she was older.(RP)
Oh man, your sister's body is amazing! I'm so soft, and I get drunk so quickly!
I'd love to help you become a irl friend of mine in a long term rp. You become her in every aspect. Kik wereartthou
You have woken up in my body. What do you do with it
X-change clubs had become a huge success. You take an x-change pill as you enter and then party the night away in your new body. This was my first time attending and I turned out as this hot chick with black hair. Even my best friend ended up looking pretty good too!
(M4A) You were an old lady whose only companion was your grandson's best friend, a shy boy who was awful with women~ He visited you every weekend, so when you woke up one day and found yourself suddenly 50 years younger, you decided to do everything in your power to help him overcome his anxiety~
Bodysuits are surprisingly great at insulating you from the cold. My team and I love using them to stay warm when we’re out on the ice because they give us more flexibility come game time. It wasn’t necessary to get female suits but they’re great at keeping the other team distracted.
"But dad why did you turn me into a girl? i don't want to partake in these perverted fantasies you have with incest. turn me back now (rp)
It's been several months since the Shift put me in my babysitter's body. She was in the middle of fucking her boyfriend when it happened. Caught up in the new sensations, I let him cum in my new body. How was I supposed to know she wasn't on the pill. Now I'm expecting and so horny.
"Better get used to this" I said to myself as I looked at my reflection in the mirror. Ever since Chloe thought about me while she was masturbating and switched our bodies because of the FOSE, I've been trying to adjust to my new life stuck as a chav slut with no future while she lives my life.
I come home to find my mom waiting for me on the couch. "There you are, son! I won a voucher for a twinning procedure down at the new body mod clinic and guess who I signed up to look like me soon?" She smiled
“You’d be proud, she put up a fight” my girlfriends voice uttered- her voice tinged with malice, something had happened to her. Little did I know that you’d fought to forcibly possess her body.
After your usually shy and submissive girlfriend bought that creepy supposedly “haunted”necklace, she had taken on a dominating persona, forcing you to call her mommy and worship her. It wasn’t anything like her at all! And the worst part was, you absolutely loved it. (RP Wanted)
“Oh yeah,” I said, admiring my newly acquired goods. Judy here was my ex girlfriend, a bitter woman who only dated me for my money, and when it dried up, she ditched me in a second. “She used to be such a fucking prude before I hopped her but this… this is perfect!”
I had been wanting more views to expand my onlyfans platform, my on and off gifs just weren't having an impact in such a saturated market. So i purchased a special potion and then did my next shoot which i called On, Off... Surprise that one Gif has put me in the top 1% and im now loaded
I heard my phone ringing as I slowly woke up from a deep sleep. The day after my birthday and I was exhausted, but as I look at the phone, I see two dozen missed calls from you and a single picture with the words: ‘The prostitute swapped our bodies last night!” There was no way, right? (RP)
Does anyone want to chat about the irl women in our lives?
For extra credit i decided too take the advanced swap class, its like normal swap class but the body you get has a quirk of some sort... personally im loving this current me not only am i nailing seap class but im also nailing the other students and teachers to!
“Listen honey, I don’t mind you wanting to be a girl, and I don’t mind you wearing a dress. But can you please be a little more careful? I can see your panties” (RP)
It’s been a year since the terrible accident I lost wife in. My own body was too injured to survive so my head was transplanted onto her body as an emergency procedure. In the time since her hormones have made my head more feminine. At this point I’ve accepted my womanhood.
When my trans dad told the cosmetic clinic he wanted a 'glow-up', it appears there was a miscommunication. They thought he wanted to be a blow-up doll. Now they're refusing to admit their mistake, or that the surgery even took place at all
I helplessly watch as I see you possessing my girl. Message me to cuck and dom me in my girls body
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan. She fought hard to keep you out. But eventually she gave in and her body was yours.
"i can fulfill all your desires" the words my best friend who is really obsessed with me said after reading some old spell he found at a temple and now he's figured a way to enchant me as he turned into my dream woman and now he's seducing me( rps always welcome dm)
Looking to be possessed
I should have never played with that ouija board. I got possessed by a powerful demon who transformed me into a girl and branded me. I’m trying to ward it off with this cross, but I don’t know if it’s working. I’m still a girl (RP)
Looking for a darker rp
Anyone man enough to let me watch them tribute my gf live on video no videos in my inbox full from start to finish you won’t see or hear me just will be watching the process
I was a struggling musician, in need of a rebrand. My producer suggested I develop a new persona by wearing a realistic bodysuit for my performances. Business has been great but I think he has other plans for me...
“Was you seriously exploring your body again?” My Mom (in my brothes body) asks. After doing a family swap, I got my sisters body and I just can’t stop, it’s so weird being a girl, though I’d better get used to to, it’s for a whole year
I had wished to travel back in time to be a beautiful singer. But the spell seemed to have transported me into her body right as she’s about to sleep with the band! I’ll have to learn what my new body can do, and fast!
I love my family
"Is this really all neccasary for the photoshoot? And why did i have to take a genderswap pill to become a girl" I asked you as i stood infront of the camera bound. When asking me to fill in for your model you didnt tell me that it was a bondage shoot or that the pill permant so i cant back out(Rp)
It’s all I’ve ever wanted. I had a crush on this girl, Katie, but I knew she wasn’t a lesbian. She was so flawless, I loved her. After being invited over to her house, I was reading and accidentally found a spell that swapped us. I got to be her while my body was still in love with Katie.
“..it’s such a pretty ring and it came as a pair? Why don’t you keep one daddy.” I smile as we reach my boyfriends “..thanks for the lift dad, i know you don’t like him but I swear if you give him a chance he’s so sweet.” As I turned to wave you goodbye I noticed something seriously wrong with us..
"I know, clinic personnel are baffled too! According to the no-cloning quantum theorem multiples copies are just impossible! Luckily it was our female version the one got duplicated. You wouldn't want to be the one with our former punny penis, would you?" "Oh gosh, no! Shut the fuck up!" we chuckled
To celebrate our college graduation, we took a vacation to Greece. I wasn’t sure about your idea to take X-change pills before the trip... but I didn’t want to say no. It’s kind of nice, looking this cute. But were you really enjoying the trip? Or enjoying seeing me, your best friend as a girl?
Who wants to swap with my girl
"Dude, you've even got her titties!" my friend gestured to my new body. I rolled my eyes, "Oh my god, I know!" Dealing with my friend has been difficult since I was swapped at birth with Billie Eilish, he won't stop staring at me! Can anyone help me adjust to this? (RP?)
I had been experimenting with a reality altering device for a few months now and it seems i was able to get it working I planned to test it with you but got inpatient and used it on myself knowing only i would notice my change from male to female not noticing you enter my house (dm2rp)
"Please please you can't dad. I'm not giving in to your incest desires please I'll be a good girl. "
We were at a bar, having way too many drinks. You had dared me to take an x change, and I drunkenly agreed. “Well, how do I look” I say as I walk back over to my friend.
I had been forced to swap with a girl who looked like my doppelganger if I was a girl. now I'm a good daughter and giving into incest
“Put your cock away!” I shout at my old body. After me and my wife swapped bodies mysteriously in our sleep a week ago we’ve been doing our best to adapt. I just wanted to spend the afternoon in our pool but my wife, or husband I guess had different plans
my dad had changed me into the ideal daughter and decided that I needed fucked to be a whore. I don't know what to do. he wants to cream pie me.
During a fight with the sinister six, i started to feel change. But i couldn’t stop fighting. It was painful when my body randomly change into a female. I defeat the villains and swing to a building top. I start to gasp as my body finishes changing.
Random swap
Lets swap
“I said to steal a classy body, what the fuck is this- we’re already late and I paid you top dollar, where the hell did you find her anyway?” I say angrily. I’d hired you, a hopper for hire to steal a body to impress my friends at dinner.
"Ugh dude why did you swap me with your step mom. I get it she's sexy but really I'm not going to fuck you as her."
Why do you like bodyswap
I push some hair from my face. “Just take a breath… I can explain…” I begin with a gentle tone in my voice, but this does the opposite of what I wanted and instead you scream: “Why the fuck did you swap bodies with my sister!?” (RP)
Just like Arthur C. Clarke said: “any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” If you told me that within my lifetime I could just wear "sexy lingerie" and instantly turn into a ciswoman based of my own genetic makeup, I would've laughed so hard. But now I jill to it!
I kept pestering my girlfriend for a threesome. She kept declining and one day she agreed but it included her Chinese friend. I agreed to it but the twist was that I had to swap bodies with her friend. Here is me and my girlfriend sucking off her friend in my body… we make quite the team!(rp wanted)
Every day after getting dressed and ready for another day at the Sissy Camp, I was required to take a mirror selfie and send it to my sponsor. In my case that was my older sister, who'd sent me here in order to make me a cute girly girl. I hated to admit that they were doing a good job. (Lit RP)
I’ve gotten into the habit of possessing my neighbor’s wife when he comes home from work. There’s something magical about picking out a cute outfit and welcoming him home with a kiss. I usually swap out before she has to cook, but this time I think I’ll see where it goes... “Hi honey! I missed you!”
Working It Off
I'm gonna be honest. I used to try crazy titles to catch people's eye to rp. Do I have that today? No. Am I the best rper? No. But if you're looking for a genuine rper whose active, into celebs, and working on her craft, I'm your girl. Here are my fav celebs
I had swapped bodies with my friend cause I wanted to go on holiday to the resort she was going to now I'm just laying around tanning (rp always wanted)
I took over this girl at the gym who was surprisingly built! She was flaunting that ass like there was no tomorrow and she was basically just asking for it. Sure, she’s in my head right now incredibly unhappy and yelling at me but what do I care? (RP)
I'm your best friend and until this morning, a man. I woke up only to find myself like this. I'm a panic I send you a text, "Dude I'm in trouble come over immediately!" When you get to my apartment, you let yourself in and see my current condition.
my best friend always liked to make me pretend that I was a beautiful female, on my birthday she took me to a hotel to sleep, when I woke up I became a woman and she was with a naked man and she told me: congratulations girl, your birthday present It's This Huge Cock Now Suck It And Swallow The Cum
Dave was mortified... but also excited? He had agreed to a body swap with a girl 30 years younger than him. How was he going to relive college? He was a freshman now! As he stepped out of the Swap Clinic, he smiled in excitement. "Okay, Madison, time to go buy these girls a bra!"
There's a new service at conventions where you can pay money to "rent a body" to look better for cosplays.. Or in my case, actually be able to nail female character cosplays! Though wearing such a lewd outfit is an experience for sure. [DMRP/AMA]
My friend and I wanted to experience being girls for a while, so we swapped with two brown girls at college. Whilst he went crazy and couldn’t handle it, he ran off and I stayed behind with the two girls. Unfortunately I decided to let them have their fun with me as they were horny…(RP WANTED)
I was minding my own business, swimming in the luxurious pool at the resort, and just as I was getting out, I found myself blocked at the ladder. “Can I help you?” I ask before recognizing the face, it was mine… “How the hell did you find me!?” (RP)
My girlfriend wanted to borrow my body so she could go to bars without getting cat called. I text her this picture saying “I’m ready for bed babe, wake me when your home so we can swap back!”
Never expected to love being this big and pregnant, need to find a baby daddy for my next one now (open to rp)
You and me are 'replacements'. Our job is to do what celebs can't or won't do, we use our special abilities to become them. Brie never wanted to go to the oscars, so when i went down the carpet i saw you, a 'replacement' like me. "Oh my god, its so good to see you!" (Rp)
The last time we spoke you had been taking some experimental drugs for some extra cash. You never told me that they where some kind of growth and hormone enhancement drugs... after opening the door on you I can see why you've stayed in... Kik me tootrue1234
Our daughters made a wish that we'd be trapped in their bodies until we realise how difficult their lives are. This is us waking at 11am while they go to work in our bodies. They expected a freaky friday but it might be a freaky few years before we concede that their lives are anything but perfect
Who wants to possess me?
Called this girl a stupid goth slut, she decided to have revenge. She used a swap spell to switch our bodies and won't reverse the spell until I've lived a year, literally in her shoes. I don't know what she was thinking, this body certainly isn't a punishment. I look myself over, I'm gonna have fun
Long term partner
"Yeah I don't think there's like any other chick I'd want to swap with, I got super lucky!" Swap class paired me with a girl, which I was horrified by, But then I got into my new body and explored a little, now I'm used to being a cute brunette! Which is good... since I'm stuck and I don't know yet!
Dan was curious about the change in behavior of his wife. She began to wear more revealing clothing around the house, actually liked video games, and now they have sex multiple times a day, which he wasn't complaining about. If only he knew that her body was stolen by one of her teenage students.
You were being bullied at school by an intern wanting to become a teacher. You found a spell and decided to have some revenge, however you misread and found yourself naked in bed with you bully. (RP)
POV: Your hot sister in law swapped your bodies on the day you were going to get married to her sister and now all you can think about is how shes going to go home after the wedding and fuck your wife/her sister and make you look like a fool for cumming too fast. (Rp wanted)
Going from a white dude, to a cute, ebony girl was pretty crazy. I bunked off her work and didnt go in. I do like her body but I’ve missed out on a lot due to not being in my old one I was wondering how she was doing in my body so i sent her this video and asked if she wants to come over (rp wanted)
Sombra said she had invented a device which would cure Tracer of her time skipping ailment via a small chip implant into her neck. Despite Sombra’s ill repute, Tracer decided to try it out! Low and behold, it was a trick! Now Sombra is in Tracer’s body as Tracer is stuck in her head, aware! (RP)
I was head of security for Rihanna. She had an issue with some stalker and wanted to deal with it herself, but didn’t want to risk it in her body, so she asked me for mine and I agreed. Here I am on the balcony waiting for her to return so I can seduce her into having sex like this… (rp wanted)
“Wow... that’s so interesting.” I tried not to roll my eyes. I wanted to set you up with my sister, but she was too shy to do anything. So she asked ME to swap with her and go on the date with you! I’m trying to seem interested but... you’re not making this easy for me!
Tom the cameraman was in for a shock when during the middle of the shoot, he swapped bodies with the "talent" that was hired. He stared in fear at his former body, his mind reeling with thoughts of being trapped in the body of a transsexual escort in an unfamiliar country and the dick in his ass...
Who’s trying to rp possessing my girl and ruining her
I giggle as you take the photo. You and I had hated your ex-girlfriend Marina ever since she cheated on you. So, I possessed her, and with your help, we’d humiliate her! First step was a job at Hooters, but as you laughed, I couldn’t help but feel warm in my crotch while looking at you… (RP)
My teammates caught me going through their lockers so they decided to teach me lesson. They held my mouth open and placed a pill on my tongue. Within a few minuets I was transformed into huge breasted woman. My new tits felt so heavy hanging from my chest. Before I knew it every new hole was filled!
“yes yes yes! i did it, i’m in!” you squealed to yourself in your new voice. after months of being rejected, you finally gave up on having kayla as a girlfriend. but that didn’t mean you’d give up having kayla, though. you found a way to possess her, and now she was yours…forever. RP
Since agent romanoff is no longer with shield we have resorted to other means of going undercover. We have made a machine, giving us copies of peoples bodies, we call them suits. We currently have 5 suits, i Maria Hill am incharge of the Suits. "So, who will you test?" (RP)
Shaun had to stop, he had to. But he couldn't, just yet... He was just 30 minutes away from winning the bet and getting turned back to his old self. But if he came. If he came in this horny, tight, female body, he would be stuck for an additional month. He had to win this bet. He had to stop!
Our parents had gone on a holiday and this left me and my sister in charge of the house. We decided to SWITCH it up a little by switching bodies with each other to make it slightly more fun. We swapped and shes gone to check her new dick out and im checking these tits out. Shes back! (Rp wanted)
(Detailed RP) I got this text from my girlfriend she had been acting kinkier for some reason. I don’t understand what’s gotten into her. I just stare confused at the most recent text of her.
Who wants to do possession rp?
My wife is extremely possessive, enough to steal my body to attend my friend’s bachelor party in my place. Why do I put up with it? Simple. I love being in her body! The first thing I did was dress up in my favorite heels and outfit to go buy sexy clothes. And now it’s time to play with her toys!
Yes, Clara, you're beginning to understand I see. That will we signed together, the one that signed over all of my fortune to you? It was quite factored in. Just as your plot to poison me the night it was signed was. You see, now that I *am* you, I get to enjoy my life's work properly. Now fuck off.
Will you possess me?
Part 2. Fortunately we did have sex and she is an absolute monster with that cock. Its not the biggest but she knows how to use it. However, she didn’t want to make it permanent because of her career but every day we swap to have sex… here i am ready for doggy… she loves it more than me! (Rp wanted)
You and I had a dick measuring competition where the loser had to take an Xchange pill and service the winner. I lost by a landslide so I took it, but I'm not even mad. That beast is impressive! How do you walk around with that thing?! Well, I guess I better get started!
Tits out
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
Washing clothes has always been one of the most boring chores. That was until I found a magic laundromat. Every time I went through it I changed into the last person who used it. I spend my days waiting for the perfect girls to come do their laundry and become them for a while!
“Hey bro, ready for some fun? I figure I’d snag a beach bod for our beach day.”. My late best friend is able to possess bodies so we can still hang out, but this is the first time he’s been a woman! (RP)
Possession rp, for someone to control my body
A response to people who think I can't really body swap.
Who wants to possess this body? Pm if interested in rp
I was a reclusive loner before a benevolent witch gifted me this beautiful body. I have all the looks I could ever want but there’s one catch. I know next to nothing about being a woman! I’ve tried reading some books but I think I need some... practical experience.
My family was having a small get together and asked me to go to the basement to find a game to play. I found a small silver box and thought it was a fame but I clicked the button and everyone suddenly swapped genders. (DM for RP)
My sons girlfriend and i swapped bodies whilst my son was on holiday. After we swapped she went out and came back with a rock hard boner in my body…but i wanted to take advantage of that. I took her outside to the garden and started sucking her off but realized she may need more than that(Rp wanted)
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan. She fought hard to keep you out. But eventually she gave in and her body was yours.
i was a country boy before the great shift and this new body of mine won’t stop me from living that wild life
I wasn't about to let go of my company. several old sexual harassment cases resurfaced and I had to act fast to get ahead of it. I couldn't be called abusive if I blamed it on internalized misogyny due to me hiding being trans right? I popped an x change and held a press conference
What would you do if you woke up and instead of yourself you saw me in the mirror?
So, apparently Vampires are real. I encountered one during spring break and got bitten by one. I thought I got healed, but then the transformation kicked in while I was in class...(RP)
I had a secret, growing up as a quarterback in the deep south I was almost guaranteed to have some...biased racial opinions, but I was curious. I bought a NewU bodysuit of this gorgeous black singer and slipped it on in private, but the zipper snapped off and I'm stuck! I have a game today!
Nobody else was around me in the museum so I decided to take this crown out of the case to try it on. I thought I was going to faint when I saw the room around me change. Rp
Possession rp. Who wants to possess me?
When I got diagnosed with Second Puberty I thought my life would suck. Last year the school quarterback got it &amp; his life went to hell. His GF broke up with him, he lost his scholarship,all his friends. Thank god she did though, the way she rubs my pussy and whispers in my ear, she's the perfect GF.
"What a strange set of clothes" I thought to myself after making sure my phone transported with me. My friend and I were two guys who invented a possession machine, it was still im early stages of development and so the people were random. Unknown to us, not only by person but also time. (rp)
My friend and I wanted to experience being girls for a while, so we swapped with two brown girls at college. Whilst he went crazy and couldn’t handle it, he ran off I stayed behind with the two girls. Unfortunately I decided to let them have their fun with me as they were horny as fuck…(RP WANTED)
After you moved away we spent less and less time interacting. My girlfriend offered you her body for one night so we could spend time at the old arcade. "Thanks, babe you are the best!" I say giving her one last kiss before I see her body shudder as you take control.
Who wants to possess me?
I can't fucking believe this, this is the most 'casual' outfit I can throw together! The FOSE caught me out jacking off to this goth chick... I'm so fucked, my parents are gonna flip...
Brad wanted to know how his sister was doing so well in math class. All she would tell him is that she does a lot of extra credit. But when he used a spell he found online to possess her body after school, he was surprised to find himself pinned to the wall and their math teacher deep inside him.
I would’ve been fucked w/out him, the least I can do is let him fuck me! My best friend Nate &amp; I where vacationing in Brazil when this dummy thick babe stole my body and ran off! Nate helped me get home &amp; let me stay at his place. I’m so grateful &amp; my new hormones have given me a way to thank him!
What would you do if you possessed my girlfriend? Pm for rp
This is a disaster! My bully had been tormenting me for years, but now he somehow found a spell that he could use to possess peoples bodies! I expected him to go for someone I knew but he went right for me! Now he’s torturing me from within, making me masturbate! I can’t stop him!! (RP)
The females of my Family have the power to swap anyone they like/themselves. And as such, after my girlfriend and I hit our 1 year anniversary, my Mom and Sister quickly got her interested in swapping. Now one of them is in my girlfriends body, on our date, but I don't know which! (RP)
There I turned into your crush. Happy now wait no don't fuck me if you cum in me ill get stuck.
After you moved away we spent less and less time interacting. My girlfriend offered you her body for one day so we could spend time at the beach, talking about the old times. "Thanks, babe you are the best!" I say giving her one last kiss before I see her body shudder as you take control.
you and your roommate somehow pulled these two girls at the bar and got them to come home with you! you both fucked and slept with a girl, but the next morning you woke up as them! they left notes telling what happened and how you’d never get back. you have to learn how to live this new life! RP
“You’re beautiful man…” I exclaim as I stare at you. For years, you and I had searched for a totem to save you from dying from cancer. Who knew that once we found it, it would transform you into some Asian girl? We didn’t… but I had to try and support you, even with your new body… (RP)
Going from a black dude, to a cute, petite blonde was pretty crazy. I bunked off her work and didnt go in. I’ve been in bed, missing my old body and how powerful i was in there. I was wondering how she was holding up in my body so i sent her this video and asked her to come over….(rp wanted)
after a slight mix up at the pharmacy your dad was unrecognizable, his cholesterol medication had been swapped with someone's hyper fertility pills. the doses couldn't be more different, he took far too many and in a week he looked like this! your mother's disgusted and leaving him in your care
My stepmom and I would regularly swap bodies. But swapping back was getting getting harder for both of us. We decided that it would be best to stay swapped. I didn’t expect her to swap in the middle fucking her boyfriend! But... I’m not complaining. (Rp)
"I'm actually doing great, thanks for asking! I know some people get like... worried about second puberty, but honestly it's been easy for me!" After I got second puberty, watching myself slowly shrink and change was scary... but once it was done, I found I loved being a female version of me!
Am Gigi Hadid part 4
"Aaaaaah! Aaah! Oh fuuuuck!!!~" You could hear coming from me in my new body. Sometime ago I tried a genderswap spell on myself, I was curious about how life was for girls... One thing lead to another and I decided to try my first fuck... Now...I think I'm starting to love this!!~ (RP)
"Yeah, I got her body, this house is fucking crazy dude." The hot, rich girl at college kept bragging about how her parents were going away for 6 months, and she'd be living alone in their mansion... so, I just knew it'd be the perfect time to steal her body! "Wanna move in with me?"
I was declared legally dead at the scene but a doc saved my life by putting my brain into this bbw milf...I don't know what to do.
Day 2 of being in control of Molly's body. Getting ready and looking like this was almost as fun as seeing her reaction when I started showing off!
“Oh, stop complaining.” My mom snapped at me from my body. “You’re getting a free vacation and a break from classes. We’ll figure it out when you get back.” She says with a smirk before turning to leave.
Summer break was going to be awesome! 3 months with just my buddies at my best friend’s dad’s lake house! I decided to lay in the sun a while and felt someone touch my shoulder. I opened my eyes to see my friends freaking out… I realised why as I looked down and saw that I had been transformed! (RP)
With Valentine's Day coming up I wished that my crush would look at me and find me attractive.. well it turns out that she didn't like guys in the first place, but now she's asked me out on a date. I hope this outfit will be something she likes?
After I divorced Kanye I went to the Swap Clinic. I needed to be a new Kim Kardashian, one that wouldn't fall for toxic guys anymore. I bumped into Gal on my way in &amp; 30 minutes later I had a whole new face to go with my new sexuality. The paparazzi are going to have a field day when they see me.
I can’t believe I went from the most powerful Yakuza in Tokyo to nothing but a giant boobed plaything! It’s so humiliating! That traitor could’ve just killed me but instead they did this! He lets my former underlinings fuck me to really rub it in!
"Hmm, I like the hair on her. And these boobs! Damn, what am I now, 32D? But do I still look too much like Margot Robbie?" Mark murmured to himself, his newly-acquired, soft English accent still strange in his throat. He wanted to be a famous celebrity but also wanted to hit the bars in her body!
My best friend loves trying out his experiments on me but this time it’s too far… he turned me into a female version of myself! He doesn’t want to change me back yet so he can write his observations! This sucks… (RP)
Thanks for doing this dude I'm glad you can shapeshift. I needed a girlfriend for the company party I was having with my coworkers and my friend said he could go as my girlfriend. (RP)
The Great Shift took some getting used to, but then I disocvered how much fun I could have wearing no panties things changed. What if the wind blew it up? What if someone tried to cop a feel? There was little to no fabric protecting me. Being suddenly exposed was exhilarating!
“Let’s see… body chapter. Age…build…hair…height…mind…parts…personality…possession…strength…….voice? That bitch! She took my body and ripped out the pages on swapping back. Someone help please!!” (RP)
I finally had the courage to stand up to my buddy and basically humiliated him. But he wanted revenge, hopping into my bestfriend since childhood to do so. He sent a pic with the caption "who knew she had such a hot body under those flabby clothes" (DM FOR RP)
“Am I doing this right honey?” My parents swapped for our latest vacation. I get that you like being in mom’s body dad, but you need to chill with all the photos!
[AFA] I will play or give you joi as my GF. You can tell me what would you do to her while i feed you with pictures. Chat me if interested. &lt;3
I was doing my best at being a step mum even if you are a spoilt pain the arse but the second there isn’t food on the table I’m a bitch apparently.. I didn’t want to use my powers but maybe some time as me you might start appreciating what I do around here, I’ll make it look like an freak accident..
“Did you really have to swap us?” I sighed. “Babe, if you like driving so much you should get a driver’s license in your body, not take mine!” (Rp always open)
“I can’t apologize enough, I’m sorry Josie!” I sternly blurt from my sweet sounding voice. “I’ll make it up to you, I promise.” My sister had asked me to go to her college psych class and take an exam for her, but instead I went to a beach with her boyfriend… I was in deep shit. (RP)
Some time ago I met a girl who said that she could alter reality, at first I thought she was crazy, but she showed me her powers, she altered reality so that I was born as a woman and she as a man, now in my new reality she is my husband and I am her busty female,now she put her newpenis in my mouth
I felt my heart stop as I looked up from the phone to meet your gaze. “Well?” You ask with panic in your normally calm voice. Your girlfriend and I had agreed to a temporary swap to let me hang out with you across the country at the college the two of you went to… but… “She said its permanent.” (RP)
It was valentine's day and I had forgotten to get my girlfriend something. I hurry out the door of my apartment run towards the stairs just as a girl was knocking on her bfs door. She had cast a spell to swap bodies with the first person she made eye contact. We locked eyes now I'm stuck in her body
Hey, any secretary gals want to do me a favor? The boys in the lab cooked up a gizmo to swap brain waves. I want to trade with you and use it to spy on the competition. I can’t have them stealing this stuff!
I know what you're thinking and yes, I wasn't this happy when the Great Shift hit. In fact, I was the absolute opposite, but then as soon as the word came down that it was permanent, I knew I had to own it. Months later, I'm fit, strong, healthy, hot and most of all happy. (RP)
After making a witch mad at me, she cursed me to become a female. Now I can’t even leave the place since she put another spell on me and I’m now stuck in a park, trying to ask strangers for help. I just need to get to my girlfriend. She’ll know what to do. (Rp always open)
My brother asked me to keep an eye on his apartment while he was on a work trip. He mentioned something about a “special delivery” for me to come pick up while he was away. So I was surprised to find a cute chick living there when I arrived! Wait a sec... “Holy shit... is that you bro?”
My wife and I like to swap for fun over the weekend. Today I decided to cook in nothing but an apron because I love the feeling of the open air on my skin. She thought it'd be fun to walk in without pants on and start fucking me from behind. I guess she was hungry for more than just breakfast!
My dad recently went through his second puberty. But the changes made him younger than he was. Him and I are around the same age. I stayed at home to help him out, not knowing his new feelings for me. I went to take a shower and saw my dad’s door open. My eyes widen and i blushed seeing his new body
‘Real funny bro’ I text you with a selfie where my new face was covered in cum. When I said I wanted to be Sam, the head cheerleader I didn’t mean I wanted you to swap me in her while she was fooling around with her boyfriend. It’s so sticky!
My dad when to the swap clinic a while ago and now wewre going on are father son trip to Vegas. He wants us to be normal but its really hard when he looks like this now. (RP)
You know what daddy, you're right I'm not your little girl, but if you want me to let her come back you're going to have to fuck your little princess, come on please daddy🥺
Found this somewhere, wanna do this roleplay with me?
Life has been super strange ever since the shift happened. I went from being a pretty average white guy to the hottest black girl you think you'd ever seen.. My family thought it would be a good idea to take a summer vacation and get "used to my body", but it's just made it more awkward! [DMRP/AMA]
"Is that really you Adam?" It was weird for Mark to see his best bud after he caught the gender flu and permanently remained a woman. Mark could see the resemblance in her face, but that body was all female and he didn't know how to deal with the new feelings he now had toward her.
So I’ve got a odd problem. I think my friend went to the swap clinic and swapped with my trashy neighbor… he keeps sending me photos of her… and saying how he wishes he could have me come over? But how long will it be until he realizes… she lives alone? (RP)
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
“Oh my god mom! You’re the best! This is going to be the best month ever!” My mom asked me what I wanted for my birthday, and she got me a one month unlimited pass to the swap clinic. This is my first body and I feel so cute! (RP)
"You expected me to show up as me? Fuck no dude! I'm keeping her bratty ass life for myself!" We're full time criminals, and found the best way to steal from rich people was to take their bodies for a few days at a time and funnel money out... but this time, I'm refusing to leave...
The girl I wanted to ask out for Valentines Day turned me down, do you think that you guys can change her mind? I can give more pictures in the RP. Open RP
I am very angry, today I hid in the women's locker room to spy on them while they were changing, however they discovered me and magically turned me into another female with huge tits, they lent me a bra but I don't even know how wear it, this is not It should be happening now i am busty girl🥺👙
So my stepbrother has been terrible to me for years, but look who’s laughing now ! I found out that Im a hopper and I tested my power on him, taking his body for myself. I might just keep him, I can’t wait to get this body fucked by the whole town ! (RP)
"Mr. Smith you sit here before the court accused of stealing that body. How do you plead?" The prosecuter asks you.
"Dad why am I in your body?" my daughter asked in clear shock "I too have no idea what happened" I lie. "You and your stupid inventions are ruining my relationship with my fiancé! you will-" I interrupt her with a grin "Ok I will sacrifice myself and play your part for tonight's date."
Dream Maiden- Part 2
I got paired with Christine, the school prude, in swap class. When I got home I discovered she was hiding quite a lot under those frumpy clothes. I think tomorrow I'll go shopping. Find some better, tighter, more revealing ones. I'm sure I could turn around her reputation, for better or worse...
I will play or give you joi as my GF. You can tell me what would you do to her while i feed you with pictures. Chat me if interested.
"Are you sure this working?" You say as your roommate fills your mouth with sedd. "Yeah, I think. Cum either fixes it or makes it permanent. Hey I said I would TRY! Oh well guess your stuck like this. Go make us some dinner and we'll try again." You're starting the think he knew exactly what he did.
Any kind of comic, or story or video etc. where a woman swaps bodies with a tgirl?
vic had her body stolen by the boy she was babysitting, and couldn’t do anything about. neither of them could say their real name, it was part of the spell! he leaned down close to her face, evilly “you better get used to that body, parker. because youll never get this one back” RP
I find someone in. My daughters body and they say “You know what daddy, you're right I'm not your little girl, but if you want me to let her come back you're going to have to fuck your little princess, come on please daddy🥺”who are you?
I was having sex with my girlfriend when the FOSE hit. Though instead of me being swapped with my girlfriend, I got swapped with this random neighbor girl who was masturbating that I've never met in my life. (RP)
“Saturdays are for the Boys!!”. Brendan shouted as he flipped me off. Boys trips have been a lot more fun since I found that reality swap device. All the guys think nothing of the fact that they are my personal harem. (RP)
I was a big shot lawyer in the city, eyeing a political career. My family was getting worried I was losing touch with my roots, so they swapped me with one of my cousins in Nowhere, Oklahoma! I’m supposed to work on their farm and see how “real Americans” live! At least my cousin Tara is a cutie...
“Serena…” I respond softly. “Her name is Serena.” You had picked me up at the Swap Clinic after what you thought was a temporary swap. “Do you have questions for me or can we just go home?” (AMA/RP)
I used the reality remote on my brother. He now thinks his huge ass and tits are normal but he still acts like his old nerdy self. Its been quite funny to watch. (RP)
I was doing my best at being a step mum even if you are a spoilt pain the arse but the second there isn’t food on the table I’m a bitch apparently.. I didn’t want to use my powers but maybe some time as me you might start appreciating what I do around here, I’ll make it look like a freak accident..
Hi there! Can someone make my dream come true? I wanna become a cute sexy Japanese girl... But I don't know how... Can someone help?
Any secretary gals on here want to do me a favor? The lab just cooked up some new gizmo to trade brain waves or some shite. I need to use it on you to spy on the lab boys and make sure they don’t try to sell it under my nose.
After endless practicing, I finally did it. I finally stole Molly's sexy blonde body! She was just finishing getting ready to meet up with friends. Should I join them or get to know myself a bit better at home instead?
when the role exchanger blew through it didn't affect to many people severely, I was one of the unlucky ones though. my job education got traded with a secretary, my gender with my neighbor, my clothing and hair with a trashy trailer girl, and I traded bladder control with a little girl. (rp)
(M4A) With the rise of the Metaverse, almost all office jobs were moved into the virtual world~ While the shift came with benefits like a customizable workplace, it also came with the downside of having to see my pervy old boss use an anime girl as his avatar...
it wasn't to long ago that i granted shapeshift abilities i never really used them until i went to your place to test them, you asked me if i could change into Hayley Atwell, i agreed, so here i am as hayley Atwell (RP)
My older brother and his friends were nothing but bullies, and I had to get back at them somehow. So I got three of my friends and to put on these bodysuits with me to pose as their girlfriends! I think we might be getting a little too into being these cute girls though...
You were a philanthropist, recently returning from aid work in a war-torn nation. You’d “rescued” a refugee woman from her captors and invited her to live with you. But there’s much more to her than it seems... that can’t have been... a zipper...? Could it?
My sister has been fat her whole life. Whenever I asked she said I'd understand one day. On the night of my 21st birthday we shared a shot and she gave me a mischievous smirk. Later that night I passed out coming too in her room being fucked. She plans to have this guy cumlock me as her. (RP)
"How was I suppose to know that potion I spiked the punch with at our family reunion was permanent?" Jacob was basically put in timeout as the family tried to deal with his body swapping blunder. Although he was happy to land in his cousin's body.
"He didn't.see me? Ugh...He totally saw.." As a body hopper, one of the worse things to deal with was being seen jumping. While they couldn't do anything about it, they could make life difficult. From the last time I got caught, Ive had to hop my sister to go on weekly dates to keep her bestie quiet
I was a ghost trapped in some electrical circuit for a few years, unaware of what I've become until I managed to set myself free, shooting into the body of an orgasming woman from her dildo, entering her body from her pussy. (RP)
"God, this dress sucks." I groan, leaning forward in the chair to give Mom a better position to apply makeup. "Well, it is reshaping your body, hun. I doubted you'd like it." She says, almost smirking as I become her in every physical way, replacing her for a month to deceive my dad. (RP)
"Wow, these are so big!" Rachel exclaimed to her son Sam. Sam's gf offered her body for a long distance swap so his mom could visit. Sam was shocked at how much she was enjoying the body. He suspected his gf's high sex drive might be affecting his mom also, which led to an interesting visit.
Who will you swap with?
Anyone wanna rp dm me
‘No daddy, I’m afraid I won’t be leaving any side soon. A deal is a deal’ I said with an evil grin. You had massive debts by my boss. As leverage you signed away your family. Until the debt is paid I will be keeping this body just to make sure my boss gets the money. ‘Oh it’s the boss calling!’
My wish is to be transformed into a beautiful woman with gorgeous dainty feet :( Just want to give handjobs and shove my stinky soles in some guys face! Please help me
Someone interested?
After I got picked up by a streaming sponsor, they wanted my content to... change. After a sponsored trip to the swap clinic, I was now a full blown cutesy e-girl streamer... the problem was I started to fucking love it! "So I have this challenge... my top donator gets a date with me!"
I love my crush so much that I wanna teach you to be her so we can rp as your my long term romantic partner. I desperatelyneed this and I bet you do too. Kik wereartthou
My custom made suit had finally came in but my mask and wig was late, I got so excited I took photos right away. It had to be modeled after someone I knew so I had to keep it a secret from everyone downstairs. Wait... oh god did my zipper break?... *knock knock* "Josh you in there"... oh no... (RP)
I don't know bro, I know I gave you full control, but you made my ass way too big! In the far off future it was easy to just customize your body, a step inside an auto closet and you could come out looking like a whole new person.
Wanna join my new roleplaying community
I was in a gang and my girlfriend would tag along with me. I was going to leave the gang but she stopped me as it was the only way we made money. I declined and as a result she swapped our bodies and took over in my place. When she gets back at night, this is what she does to her old body(rp wanted)
While most of the HentaiVerse is dedicated to anime girls, I discovered a beta section dedicated to idols. I hacked my way in, which was a huge mistake! I suddenly found my avatar changed to some K-pop star, and my logout button is gone!!
"Told you guys I won in the chest department." Dave said as he pulled out his breasts. It was the first meet up of the former men. Dave (L) swapped with his boss, Sam (C) with his sister, and Jake (R) with their teacher. The 3 soon got naked to compare other things, but it just ended up in a 3some.
I'm your best friend and until this morning I was a guy. You get a text for me, "dude you got to come over right away it's an emergency!" When you get to my place you find me like this.
*i was a fan of basketball so when I went to the live game I put on my sister hoodie of my favorite team as I sit their my body slowly turns into my sisters (rp always wanted)
"Good morning Mom, or should I say Jacob? How did you sleep as me? I slept great!" I say teasing her. Somehow she swapped our bodies yesterday and I have to admit, I'm enjoying it more than I thought. "So what's the plan for today?" I say as I stretch my new body out. I could get used to being mom.
I got kicked out of my old friend group when second puberty hit. My mom said I needed some new friends so she forced me to join the cheer squad, this sucks the outfit is tight and guys keep checking me out. What should I do?
‘No daddy, I’m afraid I won’t be leaving any time soon. A deal is a deal’ I said with an evil grin. You had massive debts by my boss. As leverage you signed away your family. Until the debt is paid I will be keeping this cute body to make sure my boss gets his money. ‘Oh it’s the boss calling!’
Discount bodysuits were a dangerous gamble to waste your money on, one faulty seam or the zipper could break right off. I mean this one was probably defective but you could never tell until you slip them on, so far so good.
Hi
Sunny Sextape on the Sofa! Squirt, deepthroat, prone bone - Amateur LeoLulu
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
You use to be in the high school football team now you struggling to move
When I got this new job I had to sign a paper stating that I would allow them to alter me to fit the dress code requirements. Little did I know that everyday they would turn me into a girl, I didn’t even think you, my brother, would even find out that I got hired at a female only coffee shop! (Rp)
I love my crush so much that I wanna teach you to be her so we can rp as your my long term romantic partner. If your interested...ill also let you use that skill of being ger on others. Kik wereartthou
“It’s bad enough that you threw took xchange pills at the party, but to not even bring clothes? What were you thinking? Do you know what could have happened?” (RP)
"im taking this off I don't care what people say" I told you as you giggled watching me struggle with having tits. you made a wish that your boyfriend would understand what it was like to be underprivileged and a woman and for the past 2 days now I've been a black woman named Trixxi. (rp)
I come home to find my mom waiting for me on the couch. "There you are, son! I won a voucher for a twinning procedure down at the new body mod clinic and guess who I signed up to look like me?" She smiled
Kate(26) somehow swapped bodies with Janice (48) on the first day of her honeymoon. A bright flash of light blinded her and suddenly Kate now had the body of a fatter, older woman. Kate's new body disgusted her, especially the terrible bodily smells coming from herself and her now wrecked pussy.
I created a machine that let us copy objects and duplicate them, but we find that we can be a copy of the women who we want to be, so let's have some fun
Finally ! After years of work my reality remote is finally finished ! Now I can finally have my revenge on that asshole Jacob ! What should I do first ? Possess him, or mind control him ? (RP)
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
The mystic TG tuna fish, one bite from its TG tipped fangs and your body gender bends almost immediately, just my luck to be bit by one on a beach trip with my family, my parents are still worried about me, my brother is a different story “can you stop teasing me l already have a lot on my mind”
A powerful succubus possessed and took control of my body. No matter how hard I try, I can’t get the demon out of me. And when it takes control, it makes me act out. Sexually. My brother now thinks I’m his personal slut. Little does he know, he is making the demon more powerful, and me weaker
Got locked in this new body suit, since I could pay my debt. So you punish me making me your fucktoy
After my last possession I decided to stop using my powers for a while. However I got an urge to possess a body once again. Now all I need is someone to play with and help me remember why using my powers is so much fun (RP)
You used to be a male until today, you wake up and notice you have a big stomach and it’s a lot harder to move, but you thought you just were overweight and didn’t notice until later
I got a text from a random number I didn’t recognize. There was a selfie of a hot girl and a message that just said “I want your body hottie”. I went along with what I assumed was a prank from my friends, but I found myself in a dressing room as the girl from the text (RP)
I love my crush so much that I wanna teach you to be her so we can rp as your my long term romantic partner. If your interested. Kik wereartthou
I was a shapeshifter, and during the year 2045, we grew to become a rebel organization against society. We gain new forms by weakening people to the point of orgasm, and steal their identity before they release. But now, the government found a way to trap us and keep us in one body forever… (Rp)
I had gotten this wish token in the change I got from a store. Once we got back to the apartment I could see you were devastated from your girlfriend breaking up with you. I hold the token in my hand and say "I wish I could help make you feel better" my body changes before your eyes. "Oh no!"
"There happy? Now will you change me back?" I whine as you had somehow swapped me and my moms bodies and then proceeded to tell me you wouldn't swap us back unless I lifted my dress. "What do you mean no?" (Rp)
since the aliens arrived they said that humanity would be perfect if we were all women, so with their machines they turned all humanity into sweet females, now I am a woman and it is fun to see men being sweet and delicate females, like my profesor Jhon who became a busty teacher called Betty👙
I had found the medallion of zulo. Heading home this hooker tackled me down hitting us both and our clothes. I watched her face light up as she became me. She ripped the clothes from my now dainty body. I had no choice but to put hers on. Her pimp came and grabbed me saying I had work. HELP! (RP)
My solo trip to exchange island had certainly provided some surprises. Ending up in the body of this hot chick was shocking at first but at least I found some new friends to have fun with! (RP)
A rare virus set loose by some scientist, calling it the Cow Infection, no one knew what it meant till it was happening to them, I got hit by it and I couldn’t believe my eyes, I grew giant milky utters and they won’t stop lactating “hey can you milk me at 4 pm, or else my utters are gonna hurt”
My mom dreamed that I would be an athlete, but a month ago with some pills I became a busty woman, I stopped exercising and started to gain weight, my angry mom took me to the gym where she worked, but she didn't expect her new daughter she prefers fuck than exercise to lose weight, I'm a slut👙💁🏻‍♀️
When a huge comet passed earth, everybody’s body composition changed in the blink of an eye. I was with my friends on a hike and we didn’t have any signal, so we’re very confused when we all changed into hot chicks. Who did you turn into?
We were crushing on the same girl: Isabella from our lab section. But instead of ruin our friendship and fight over her, we decided we could both have her - as a realistic bodysuit. Now we’re taking turns giving each other all the love. “Hurry up, it’s my turn!”
When our annual family swap landed me and my sister into each others bodies I was ecstatic. The only problem was that she kept a close eye on me to make sure I didnt do anything funny. After hours of waiting she fell asleep and i went to the back to finally get some alone time.
So… I’ve got a problem… My neighbor next door, and my girlfriend. Swapped bodies. But my girlfriend isn’t acting any different in her body… should I just play along? Or should I go to my neighbors body? I don’t know what to do. (RP OPEN)
"Congratulations, you're now my girlfriend!" I announced to my mistress. I had discovered a spell online, and used it to be able to escape from my complicated sentimental situation. Unbeknownst to me, the spell wasn't a possession one, but a body swap one: my girlfriend is now in my mistress's body!
My friends are pricks, they found a magic book and turned me into this girl. They also altered reality so everyone besides me and them thinks I’ve always been a girl and that it’s normal to wear lingerie in public. They said if I survive a week they’ll change me back (RP)
My friend and I had both swapped bodies with our girlfriends. We dressed up and headed out, we ended up having a makeout session in the bathroom as you can see him getting dressed in the back. I sent this video to our girls, only for them to reply with ‘buy condoms on your way back.’ (rp wanted)
I woke up this morning and started scrolling Instagram looking for jerkoff material. I see a picture of a girl I know in a sexy bikini, but is that a bulge in her bottoms. I feel my crotch get wet. Wait…what? (RP)
“Okay, Mia, it worked.” My best friend said to me, waving the strange potion bottle. “Now you just have to go to Mr. Hoff’s office, change my grade, and we’ll swap you two back.” She smiles. I didn’t like this plan, but I wanted to help my best friend.
Ted was constantly complaining about being single. All he wanted was to get married and start a family. You constantly tried to set him up with Legendary dates. But nothing stuck. You finally told him that I wished I could help him start a family. The next morning you woke up like this!
You were warned not to play with fate but you pushed it… now you are forever as a sex doll
Take my body
I made a time machine to go back to the 1940’s to see what it was like. But once the machine worked and i realized i had no way to return to my own time, i walked to a cafe. I then saw you sitting with another person. You were my grandma and i couldn’t help but stare. You saw me and you…(continue rp
The convention was great! There were so many polite DC fans. Everybody complimented my costume. And OMG these puppies, they were the soul of the party! I got so many pictures taken with fans motorboarding, fondling and fucking'em! I went through all my wrappers in no time! It was such a blast! (2)
I used to be an all American man. A buff quarterback who loved guns &amp; big titty blonds! So when I turned into one myself it was pretty embarrassing. But I was a man &amp; now woman of principle. I’m gonna learn to be a good housewife. I’m committed to being an all American girl! Daisy Dukes &amp; all!
When I swapped bodies with my friend she told me I still had to go to the gym before class everyday cause she didn't want me to ruin her body (rp always wanted)
The government decided that there aren't enough receptionists in the world, using there technology they implanted my brain into this body, because she wasn't compliant and didn't want to waste time hiring. "I'm still working on my art projects... i have 2 hours to draw each week" (RP)
Is there anyone here who went to second puberty just like me and can help me with my questions and to just adjust to this all. I feel so awkward and all my sister does, is laughing instead of helping... please message me for some help! (Dm open)
After news of my second puberty diagnosis hit I lost my position in the company. Once the changes were finished I decided to work my way back to the top starting as my ex-coworkers’ secretary.
"look I have a pussy now!" I couldn't believe my eyes! My dream became reality!❤️
It was Christmas day, you recently made a wish to have a girlfriend. I, your roommate and closest friend, woke up as a girl. I run to the bathroom and my eyes widen seeing the new me. “What the fuck?!” I didn’t know you made that wish. (Rp)
"You want me to WHAT?" I ask the king in shock "You are the court wizard and the princess is ruining this alliance with the kingdom. So swap your bodies get on that date with the prince, convince him his potential wife is not the worst human and as soon as they sign the contract you can swap back!"
I was at the mall when suddenly someone came up behind me and touched me. My eyes immediately went dark and a strange tremor began to pass through my body. When I came to myself, I found myself in this body.(RP)
You are having such a hard time waking up. You are completely exhausted. But the smell of breakfast begins to wake you up. Your heavy eyelids begin to open. Immediately, you know this is not your room! The swollen breasts rise and fall with every breath...and then you see the belly...
I was taken hostage by a opposing gang, and my father was told that if he didn’t pay the gang a million dollars in a week, something would happen to his only son. He would soon learn that his little boy, is his little girl.
"Man, like why am I wearing a dress?!" Shaggy said as he inspected his new center of gravity. His protoplasm had made its way into Velma's body, leaving him in total control of her body...
Last night, my mom wished my sister and I would bond more. This morning, I woke up like this in a room twice the size of my usual room that had a ton of guy clothes and girl clothes but only one bed. (RP)
I've been a cross dresser for years and I've always used my twin sisters clothes, it was like a dirty little secret, I always wanted to be a women, but my sister got frustrated and cursed her clothes, she thought this would hurt me, instead I love that im now a women, it feels so amazing.
During the great shift I've ended up on an Australian girl's body, apparently her name is Jane and she's a university student, with her amazing tits and smile I can't stop being slutty, I've fucked so many guys❤️🤤
Lookimg for an rp partner
"You want me to WHAT?" I ask the king in shock "You are the court wizard and the princess is ruining this alliance with the kingdom. So swap your bodies get on that date with the prince, convince him his future wife is not the worst human and as soon as he signs the contract you can swap back!"
"I'm your prom date, baby..." I smirk, wearing the body of the most popular girl on campus was... a nerd? I'd made a device that let me take over someone's body, and while I hadn't meant it to be on Isabella... it'd work. "Are you seriously fucking scared of a girl? Cmon, you dork."
Due to an accident it was likely I would never walk again living with a wheelchair. I went to a running competition and made a wish that I could run like that one day again. Next thing I know I stood on the starting line. ‘Thank you whoever caused this’ I said after running the race of my life.
I was the manager of a beautiful model, I only worked there to make me her boyfriend, but one day she discovered me while I was spying on her bathing, she decided to take revenge and transformed my body into that of a busty woman, she lent me a bra and now I would be her servant for a whole year😭
I always dreamed of fucking my math teacher, one day talking to a strange classmate, she told me that she knew my secret and that if I helped her get a 10 she would help me have my teacher's huge tits, I accepted now technically I'm fucking my teacher, only now I am her and she is in my body👩🏻‍🏫
"Dude stop staring at me and drive." Ken wasn't happy that his buddy Chris begged him to take an Xchange because Chris boasted about bringing a hot date to his cousin's wedding. Secretly though, Ken enjoyed the stares.
"Surprise! Guuyyss check out Jessica! These hips barely fit in this suit. I can't wait to get it off and start this weeeek!" Noah and Brian's jaws dropped. When Chris - now "Jessica" - told them he had bought a body modification machine off Kickstarter, they couldn't wait to laugh at him open it.
Because you didn't pay your rent in time, the landlord replaced your soap with something dubious in origin, which flips your gender when you bathe with it--it only works once and can't be reversed...(RP)
"Look, if you can't handle these two fingers, what makes you think you're ready for the real deal?" Your sister caught you taking Xchange pills and trying to message guys online so she decided to give you a crash course in your new body.
All I did was run a few subreddits about hot female celebs. Next thing you know, I've been kidnapped and found guilty of objectifying women by a secret femdom society and sissified as punishment. (Literate RP)
I adjust my bra. They are still uncomfortable, but they are certainly more uncomfortable to not wear. "Ok, so its been a week, I admit it, your life is way harder than mine. Work, the baby and romancing you. Its hard. Can we swap back now? What do I need to do?"
I was walking down the street when I was shot with a shot girl suddenly I was sending a snapchat of my new body onto snapchat (rp always wanted)
Your older sister wanted to show you how to get a date. How did a good boyfriend treat a girl? So she swapped your bodies so that you could experience a date with her boyfriend Rob. So when he took you out, thinking you were Jess, the date went great! You loved the attention...maybe too much.
me and my girlfriend were shifted into this young couple. obviously we explored our bodies but we had little time because our families were having trouble. we had to drive to help them out but fortunately for us, their car was a tesla. a self driving car. we can get back to playing and exploring.
my first semester as a swap class teacher, there was an uneven amount of students and i got paired with this hottie. i thought i could handle a female pussy but i was wrong. i would go up and talk about respecting ones bodies then go home and get fucked by a different guy each night.
i used an illegal spell to possess my goth crush. i thought i was in heaven but it turns out her step father found out. now i have to get fucked by him, whenever he wants or else he will tell the authorities about me.
[MFA] I can give you joi as my gf or sister or you can tell me what would you do to them. I will feed pictures. I really dont have a limit. Chat me if you interested please.
You're offered 2 pills. You can possess the body of a lewd influencer for as long as you want when you take it. Do you want the red pill, or the blue one?
"Come on mom you know the kinds of things said at my college to sorority girls why did you turn me into one? " I ask "Oh because I need to know how it feels. Ugh fine. I'm going on campus (rp/ama
Swap class... was way to easy to hack. Having my body swapped with Rachel for a few weeks just wasn't gonna cut it, so I broke into the database, and made it look like I'd never swapped... "This is what I sleep in now, nothing underneath... her body's fucking nice." I text you
"look! I have a pussy now!" I could believe what I was seeing, my dream became reality!❤️
The School's Newest Program- Part 1
You get an email with this attachment, from your best friend. The title reads: SOMETHING WEIRD HAPPENED LAST NIGHT DURING THE STORM!!!; the body reads: come over after work and help me figure this out.
My girlfriend finally convinced me to go to exchange island with her. We each took two weeks off work for a well-deserved vacation. I wasn’t sure what bodies we’d get, but I wasn’t expecting my gf to be a 6’6” black guy or me to be a petite blonde. This is going to be a long two weeks. (RP)
Me and my girlfriend fucked up! We had sex during the FOSE and swapped! Here we are desperately trying to switch back but, unfortunately, it didn't work! Now all I've got is tits on my chest and cum in my mouth...what are we gonna do? (RP?)
Looking for an rp partner for a long term rp
"They have NO idea I actually like this! They're still paying me and stuff!" After a drug trial went wrong, I was given an experimental batch of X-change permanent, rather than a simple pain killer... now stuck as a woman, I loved it! And the company was paying me to keep quiet!
You and your buddies had a crush on the same girl. Turns out you were all thinking of her when the FOSE hit and now all three of you have her body.
Daniel wanted to be a cute girl so he went to his local Swap Clinic to trade in his gross manly body for a softer much more feminine body
After the third time my girlfriends roommate caught be spying on her I woke up in the middle of night in her body. She’s not happy and now I have to do what she says or she’ll tell my girlfriend. Rp welcome
I went to a cosay event just to make fun of all the nerds but as soon as I step inside the event I was swapped into this girl cosplaying (rp always wanted)
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
I made a terrible mistake. I had found the medallion of Zulu and I told my very pregnant wife about it. When I told her what it could do she begged to swap with me to give her a break, I said no. That night she used it to swap our bodies. I woke up to this sight "baby..where's the medallion?"
As a body hopper, I love hanging around malls and brushing into people. Every now and then I'll find someone stunning and find a nice dressing room to explore. I give the body back quickly enough. Sometimes you just wanna know what's under the hood rather than a full test drive.
Hard to believe I'm actually the same person huh? I was in a fatal car crash which killed my body but my Brain survived. To save me, they put my brain in the body of the lady my car crashed into, her body was fine but her Brain died. I wake up in hospital feeling strange... ROLEPLAY - I'D LOVE TO RP
She stole your body. The neighbor...and now you are standing here in her body. Pregnant breasts...tummy...and cleavage pouring out of a tight sweater. And you hear the front door opening. You had always liked your neighbor Chad...but it looks like you were about to become closer...
You loved using the medallion of Zulo to transform into your roommate. Any time she was gone you would wear her clothes and become her. But today you made a mistake. Instead of one of her shirts, you put on her sisters...who is very pregnant! What are you going to do!?
My moms body is free
Roleplay - being cursed and turned into a 45 year old woman isn't easy... I've struggled like crazy to adapt. It's been 2 weeks since the curse and I've agreed to meet up with my best friend from when I was a guy. I snap a selfie "ready, thanks for helping me find a way to turn back" I say hopeful
Hey down here… no not the woman look lower to the pussy, my aunt tricked me into getting into bed with her, I didn’t want to be absorbed and become her clit
(M4A) You were an old lady whose only companion was your grandson's best friend, a shy boy who was awful with women~ He visited you every weekend, so when you woke up one day and found yourself suddenly 50 years younger, you decided to do everything in your power to help him overcome his anxiety~
Your brother wanted the family inheritance all to himself, so he hired a witch to turn you into a girl, making it so you never existed. After you convinced me who you were I let you stay here since you had no where else to go. Rp
The entire family summoned to the basement so he could show of his latest invention.. all of us not knowing this was our last moment of normality before the machine exploded causing us all to swap bodies permanently..(Include a Father and Brother - RP as whoever you want even add another if need be)
My parents never wanted a boy they always wanted a girl so I could become a witch, there solution? Turn me into a woman to become a witch, you get the point, I’m just here to grant one wish to those who ask to make up for the years I missed being a witch
Things had been weird since the Great Shift landed me in your crush, leaving you unshifted. I felt like I couldn’t even wear a bikini to the pool without worrying about you ogling me! “Can you stop looking at me like that? This is uncomfortable enough for me without you staring!”
(M4TF) "C-come on dude, d-don't you think you're taking advantage of me here?" You'd complain as you struck a cute pose while wearing a rather slutty catgirl outfit. Ever since you underwent top and bottom surgery and fully transitioned, your roommate's been using you as living fap fuel~
I got blackout drunk on my birthday. I have no clue what I wished for, but it cannot have been this! (RP)
What am I supposed to do!? This shouldn't be possible, but this woman with huge hips swapped our bodies. She got my young, athletic body while I got stuck with... this... To make matters worse, she's going around telling people that I'm a pervert who stole her body instead... AMA, I guess...
I was about to buy a concert ticket from some lady on Craigslist when we realized it was bound to her name. What's more is that it the event takes during a mandatory college lecture. She told me to come over and buy the ticket anyways, because apparently she knew of a way to solve both problems?
I was about to buy a concert ticket from some lady on Craigslist when we realized it was bound to her name. What's more is that the event takes place during a mandatory college lecture. She told me to come over and buy the ticket anyways, because apparently she knew of a way to solve both problems?
I signed up for an experiment to raise my GPA. They led me into a room with two chairs. One was already occupied by the fat girl on campus, smirking. I took a seat on the other chair, when suddenly my world was spinning-- I blacked out. I woke up hearing my own voice call out "time to get up, fatty"
‘Look I get it, you want your body back. Though luck. You broke up with your boyfriend and he didn’t want to let this sweet body go yet so he placed me in it. Who I am is no concern to you. Now move along before my man comes back. We’re going on a date and who knows what might happen afterwards!’
My friend had the ability to make me swap into her body at random moments. But this time was different. I was just relaxing at home, but then in a flash, i’m now looking up at her boyfriend. I wondered why she would swap now. I then try to play it cool. (Rp)
Here's a video I took of me playing with my new skin suit! Who would've guessed that typing in my college crush's name on this new website I found would send me a suit that oddly fits on me perfectly, and matches her feelings and sensations? I love having titties, they're so fun and bouncy!
“I’m sorry please don’t do this to me it was an accident I swear” I had wandered into the girls bathroom and the witch club didn’t take to kindly to accidents, they got extremely pissed and turned me into a girl, I’ve been hiding in the stall ever since 1st period, can someone help me please
Every living being is given a unique name by the universe. And once you know this name, you have full control over it. Isn't that right, Ankhar?
I recently found a book that could let me cast a spell, then book would vanish. I flip through the pages until i saw a spell that could change your body into Elizabeth Olson’s body. I walked to you, my girlfriend. I see you looking at yourself in the mirror as if you looked normal. “Um hey babe” (rp
I was bouncing with joy was so goddamn excited, I had a pussy and breasts! Finally my secret wish came true the one I prayed for every night. I was so happy I didn't care how or why it happened, but little did I know the world was experiencing something pretty similar...
I was bouncing with joy I was so goddamn excited, I had a pussy and breasts! Finally my secret wish came true the one I prayed for every night. I was so happy I didn't care how or why it happened, but little did I know the world was experiencing something pretty similar...
Someone who added images of their preference or follow in the comments
How could I have been so dumb and reckless I thought as I saw my own body start to wake up.. I had the perfect life, friends and family who loved me and I threw that all away over a boy who cheated on me.. crying wanting to end it all.. I ran into swap woods, which was well known to perverts.
I couldn’t get over my ex-girlfriend, so I bought a bodysuit to stay close to her, as her new best friend. Now it’s her wedding day, and I’m the maid of honor! I’m getting way too turned on helping her into her dress. I have to say something, or forever hold my peace!
yesterday I went to my girlfriend's house to have dinner and meet her family, however I got very horny seeing her aunt's boobs, but my girlfriend noticed and hit me, when I woke up now I was in the body of her aunt, and she was fucking her aunt on my body, now I have these huge tits, I like it🚺
my mother had had a very exhausting month so to rest she exchanged her body with her millionaire sister and went on vacation to hawaii but my mother put her sister in my body and now I am in my mother's body facing the problems of a busty lady😫
This cycle of swap class we had an odd number of students so I had to participate. As the teacher I could guarantee who I swapped with but no one else knew about it. So I figured I would swap with you and have at least a little fun this time around. RP
I wanted to get in shape, but why not do it in style? These new fitness suits are designed to help you get a great body while looking hot! It’s really that easy dude, you should get one too!
Dream maiden
I love going to the movies, i'm a dedicated movie watcher, i even got so hyped for captain marvel that i somehow turned into Brie herself! And check it! I have the Captain Marvel outfit and everything!
(RP) I owed my sister a huge favor I crashed my father's car and she helped pay for the damages before he got home... So during a costume party for her boss she asked me to go with her... Of course when she said she'd be Black Widow I thought I'd dress ass Hawkeye! But look at me!
My dad was a pro tennis player when he was younger. He was always going on about how I was wasting my youth. When he unexpectedly went into a coma my girlfriend started to act strange. She suddenly got into tennis and wanted me to film her while playing. ‘Babe can you even play in those shoes’
I kept making jokes to my friend Dan about his mom being fat. Until one fateful day a year ago I woke up and found myself in her body. I've been hitting the gym and the dildos hard the past year and made myself a MILF. I'm still a manly man inside so wearing bras and panties is still humiliating
"What, I'm just supposed to wear baggy clothes and sweatpants and hide at home all day? Your wife's friends invited me out so I put on a dress and went out!" After agreeing to a swap experiment over 2 months for a large reward, my friend is getting annoyed with me for playing the role I was given
We were 2 roommates chilling at our apartment when the FOSE hit, what a coincidence that we were jerking off at the same time and to the same woman! However, since we climaxed at the same time, we each shared half of the possession, taking turns looking and sounding like Emilia for 1 hour at a time.
Ever since that woman stole my body, getting dressed has been an ordeal for me. Even simply putting on underwear is a struggle. Why's that you ask? Well, just look and see for yourself... Guess this was one of the reasons why she was so willing to swap us around.
Ever since that woman stole my body, getting dressed has been an ordeal for me. Even simply putting on underwear is a struggle. Why's that you ask? Well, just look and see for yourself... Guess this was one of the reasons why she was so willing to swap us around.
I had got an email from the swap clinic saying i was swapped at birth with someone and i needed to go to the clinic asap. I didnt even know who I was swapping with! I opened my eyes after the procedure locking eyes with my reflection. I sent you a this picture "Dude can you pick me up..." (RP)
I'm just a cosplayer who's run out of ideas for new characters. I was thinking I could cosplay as you?
“Jesus dad you could at least knock first. Alright I get that this isn’t exactly what you’d want to walk in on me wearing but, so long as you don’t tell mom or any of my friends and we keep this all a secret, I’ll do what ever you want. Deal?”
Come on this isn't funny change me back." I said in a thick Ukrainian accent. My friend was burning the book that he used to change me
My friend told me that I wasn't treating my girlfriend right. I told her I don't care so she stole my body and turned me into this chick! I know I should be furious but instead I'm tormenting her by showing myself off with selfies like this!
Guy wants to take a selfie during a Porn shoot on the beach.
"What? I'm sneaking out?" I look up at you, with a smirk, we both had been sent to a special boarding school, where first and foremost, our genders were swapped. I'd just sneaked away... then a few hours later I returned back to our shared dorm... and I was... following orders? Even from you?!
And what a surprise it was indeed! I guess what I like about breasts the most is not necessarily the size, but how lively they look. Her tits weren't small at all, but there's something about her perky bust and ripe areolae that makes me want to climax from having my budding breasts fondled with!(2)
My eyes widen as the witch that I got mad took away my masculinity and put inside her, becoming a tall, muscular man, while I got turned into a female version of myself. “What the hell did you do!? Turn me back!” (Rp always open)
I had taken a xchange pill and gone out to a nightclub it was a good night now I'm heading home drunk in my uber (rp always wanted)
‘Look I get it, you want your body back. Tough luck. You broke up with your boyfriend and he didn’t want to let this sweet body go yet so he placed me in it. Who I am is no concern to you. Now move along before my man comes back. We’re going on a date and who knows what might happen afterwards!’
I just really want a race change body swap
We are best friends but you would have never guessed that I had a huge crush on your mom. But you where about to find out the hard way after I finally found a way to eject my soul and possess her body. Rp
My dad was a pro tennis player when younger. He always went on how I was wasting my youth. When he unexpectedly went into a coma my girlfriend started acting strange. She got more into tennis and less interested in me! What is going on with her? ‘Babe can you even play in those shoes?’
Sometimes less is more: after swapping with Alexa, I became a fan of leotards with no cleavage. When you have huge voluptuous knockers, there's no reason to tease them. People very well know they are THERE! So either show them or don't! Same applies to puffy camel-toes, which is why I luv leotards!
Cathy Willis was the fattest goth loser in my college 28 and still hasn't graduated. One day I made fun of her and she gave me a nasty look. That night as I was studying I blacked out suddenly getting fucked by my math teacher. She apparently made an artificial fose and nobody. Believes me. (RP)
My friends and I were in an avalanche, but when we climbed out, we’d turned into these hot girls! Now we get to really have some fun on our ski trip!
Two Busty Girls Deepthroat
Coincidentally I found a book of spells, my Aunt had just done all the steps by mistake and that caused our bodies to be exchanged,the next morning I woke up in another bed, with other clothes I looked in the mirror and I see that now I have the body from my sexy aunt Cynthia "mmmm I have huge tits"
My mother and I had never gotten along well ever since I was a child. One day when we were eating down the street, we were hit by an oncoming car. Suddenly we woke up in what seemed like a fantasy version of our city, however it seemed like I was in the body of a busty mother elf! (Rp)
This cycle of swap class we had an odd number of students so I had to participate. As the teacher I could guarantee who I swapped with but no one else knew about it. So I figured I would swap with you and have at least a little fun this time around. RP
It was a normal day for me being lazy when suddenly my roommate used a spell to swap me with his step sister! (Dm for rp)
Swapping into the body of a local barista
I asked to be your apprentice. You agreed eagerly which made me extremely happy but there was one catch… and then I was transformed to this… little did I know this was permanent. (RP)
"They have NO idea I actually like this! They're still paying me and stuff!" After a drug trial went wrong, I was given an experimental batch of X-change permanent, rather than a simple pain killer... now stuck as a woman, I loved it! And the company was paying me to keep quiet!
“Stop doing that!” It took ages to convince my girlfriend to come watch a horror movie, even though she hated those. Well, after we got in the cinema, she swapped our bodies and now is scaring me every time she gets the chance.(Rp always open)
I wanted to do a slutty Diana Prince cosplay clad in her golden armor, but I wanted to look more powerful than naughty. After a visit to the clinic, I settled for some golden accessories. What's more empowering than an impressive set of heavy &amp; firm breasts and mighty broad feminine hips after all?!
Looking for a partner
Oh yes I love cake day! The one day a year I can actually possess my mom! Last year I managed to stay for a week, I wonder how long I can stay this time?? Got this feels amazing!
“Hey dude I know I haven’t messaged you in a while. I hope you are not mad but I somehow turned into a girl!” I message you (online friend) after not responding to anything for two weeks! (RP)
I had always wanted to cosplay but my lack of confidence scared me away every time. But my sister was such a confident beauty that never had an interest in cosplaying. That was until I suddenly woke up in her body one day and well... You can see the results. I don't think she's woken up as me yet...
I was a washed up, uptight cynical cop who just got another young eager rookie assigned who loved his job. We are supposed to protect this beauty pageant from criminals while inside these suits. "Get lost kid, I work alone" the beauty in front of you says.
oh my god, I cant believe how good this feels, especially my girlfriend playing with my nipples, she swapped our bodies to spice up our love life, I don't think I will ever want to change back.
For my cake day today I was offered a perma-swap from a strange account. They said I could swap with anyone I wanted to in the whole world. I had to think about it but I’m very happy with my decision.
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
"God I can't stop staring at these things." Pete was enjoying the body he landed in. Funny thing was, he wasn't the only one staring at his chest. Pete soon learned that many eyes were also checking out his new assets. And the best part, Pete had his choice of who he brought back to his room.
A local barista
I was asked by my friend to be his +1 on a business trip. When they thought he’d be bringing his girlfriend they put us in a single room. Well… one X-change and a long car ride later…
After our latests success in our company meeting I invited you to my office where I kept some expensive drinks just for specials occasions. Once we arrived we found two women already getting wasted who, unbeknownst to us, were about to steal our bodies. Who are they? (Rp)
I get a text from my neighbour Sandra's phone.... "dude you gotta help me! I was masturbating over Sandra's massive milf tits and then passed out.. Now I am sandra! You gotta help me" - I WOULD LOVE TO ROLEPLAY THIS!
*discount sale* here at Swap clinic plc we are doing a 80% off sale on all of our Transgender trade in bodies! so if you cant afford the female body of your dreams why not get one of these and you can use all that spare cash to upgrade them if you want (pick a body and tell me what you'd do with it
“Yeah dude. I went through second puberty. Most of the changes seem to have stopped. Well…. I still have my dick. That’s why I’m wearing these shorts. No, I think it’s the same size.” (RP)
Who's down to do a roleplay of Gohan in Bulma's body? Credit to Ginyu1992 for this art
I was always the nerd of the family while my sister was the social butterfly and popular with everyone! Now the swap clinic called us and apparently we were swapped at birth. My sister begged me not to exchange our bodies but I want to feel popular for once! "Sorry Sis I had to it!"
"Kyle! Why are you topless!?" Kyle gave his younger sister an annoying look. "You're the one that swapped us so that I would have to take your test for you. It's not my fault if I have a little fun on my study breaks."
‘Look I get it, you want your body back. Tough luck. You broke up with your boyfriend and he didn’t want to let this sweet body go yet so he placed me in it. Who I am is no concern to you. Now move along before my man comes back! We’re going on a date and who knows what might happen afterwards!’
Everyone at school had a crush on the hot new girl who just moved from Brazil. And I didn’t blame anyone. She is hot. But most people didn’t know her mom and know that she was sexy too. I couldn’t stop jerking off to her mom. How was I supposed to know about the FOSE? (RP)
A strange feeling washed over me as a witch said I’d get my just desserts. I didn’t realize what she meant until I felt myself switch bodies with a cute girl across the street.
My dad was a pro tennis player in his youth and always talking about how we were wasting our youth. When he went into a coma my girlfriend suddenly got really into tennis and less interested in me. What is up with her? ‘Babe are you sure you can play in those shoes?’
You and I invented a body altering device but when we were denied a human trial, so we tested it ourselves. It was a resounding success but apparently it has a side effect of massive sex drive. We haven't been able to stop touch each other to write our report. Soon we'll forget how we even did it.
My girlfriend broke up with me a week before my birthday and I was devastated. The morning of my birthday, my friend texted me an address of s house they all rented and said they had a birthday surprise for me. I knock on the door and see five beautiful blondes yell happy birthday (RP)
Eva Elfie is cute as hell
Become my mom or aunt
My daughter was complaining how hard college was and how she couldn’t wait to be older. I told her that I missed being in college. Well it seems like we both got our wish
Pigtail Facefuck
You only have 1 wish. Be unique and you get whatever you wished for. Be boring and i’ll change you into whatever I want!
As a hotel worker, my job is to clean out the rooms after the guest have left. But while I was cleaning this room, I found a robe laying on the bed. I tried it on and my chest got bigger and my ass grew exponentially!
I was intoxicated heavily as my boyfriend had just cheated on me.. I truly hated how men treated women then I thought of you my brother and when we were little we could swap bodies with the other “..wake up, can we try it please” I had you all confused slurring my words “..you know the thing!”
I thought it would be fun to try this “body paint” you showed me. You apply it with a spray and it turns you into a beautiful babe! It was fun for a while but now I’m ready to hose myself off. Wait a sec... “Uh, dude? This paint isn’t coming off!”
Was it wrong I was getting my kicks by astral projecting from my girl body so I could watch my parents do it.. I wasn’t prepared for someone else to be astral projecting that same night and steal my sleeping body causing me to spiral into yours! who were you and how did you know me!
I was asking this girl to send me nudes when she finally sent me this picture It had swapped our bodies so I could see how her life really was (rp wanted)
I got addicted to astral projecting.. you could fly pretty much anywhere I made it a nightly habit but maybe I was a naive girl to think there wasn’t others like me! I panicked when I couldn’t re-enter my body as someone was already in it and I was being sucked into yours.. who are you..
im pretty sure my sister's friend is not who she say she is. its been months since the great shift. luckily my family wasnt affected. my sister's friend says she hasnt been affected aswell but i get this feeling that she isnt.
i hated my new step sister. she was always so bitchy and moody. but after i found out how to switch her body with my dog Lola, everything change. my new step sister is very obedient and always happy to see me. though, the opposite is with my dog.
Larry has been a rancher his whole life. But that all changed when he was shifted into a young waitress. He could no longer perform his work. Luckily, he was able to hire a big strong young man. But they did very little actual work.
I used to be the CEO of a very succesfull company. Never cared about my employees wellbeing at all. That was, until someone forced a collar on me that changed my perspective. Now all I want is to make sure my employees get all they deserve
I had moved into a flat with six other people when the eno chick asked if I wanted to swap bodies for a while I agreed thinking it was a joke when I went to bed that night I woke up in her body (rp always wanted)
Me and my best friend were chilling at my house when the Great shift happened. Next thing we knew, we were both in a nice house in bodies of hot women that look identical. Turns out we were in the bodies of twins, twins that belong to the mafia (RP)
Repost cus I'm looking again!
you approached me telling me to replace your girlfriend I was shocked,you began to explain she had been cheating and you knew you had paid for two pills which allowed a exchange,that night as she slept you watched a blue glob begin to slowly force its way down her throat(RP/DM/AMA)
I was at the bus stop to go to work when this woman approached me saying “your soul is so feminine, let me help you out” as she pushed my chest hard and started walking away. Looking down I see my work pants turn into a skirt. Rp
My sister and girlfriend swapped places after a wish gone wrong. They just don’t know it. Now my girlfriend in my sisters body ‘green’ is here visiting my sister in my girlfriends body (glitter) for her birthday party. She already noticed I keep starring at who she thinks of as my sister. Oh god.
"Babe we need to get out of here! This forest is strange I bet there is a witch living here or something worse!" you tried getting your girlfriend out of this spooky forest. "Don't be silly my dear, I've been living in this forest for 200 years and never encountered any witch" I replied.
my first semester as a swap class teacher, there was an uneven amount of students and i got paired with this hottie. i thought i could handle a female pussy but i was wrong. i would go up and talk about respecting ones bodies then go home and get fucked by a different guy each night.
i caught this guy in my house, robbing the place. so thought it was a good time to test out my magic and turned him into a hot girl who has an obsession over my cum. but i think it worked to well. she lost it. i told her to not rob my house anymore and sent her away but the next day she bought the h
Your brother wanted the family inheritance all to himself, so he hired a witch to turn you into a girl, making it so you never existed. After you convinced me who you were I let you stay here since you had no where else to go. Rp
When my sister asked to borrow my body for the weekend to party I wasn’t expecting my best friend to show up unexpectedly. No once he found out what happened we hung out for a while but then one thing led to another and now here I am with his cock down my throat. (Dm to rp)
I remember my girlfriend putting a necklace around my neck. Next morning, I woke up in her body, naked, in our bed. "Blake? What the hell did you do!?" (Rp always open)
I’ve always wanted to be one of the girls from Star Wars. When my brother heard this, put a spell on me and transformed me into a real life Star Wars girl.
"Dude, I saw the craziest fish down there!" I exclaim as I get out the water "It was super fast and bit me slightly, but don't worry about it", I say while you look at me in shock. "It's really nothing" I reassure you, but the mark is not what you're worried about - it's me in a different body. [RP]
After 6 months you were surprised to see your former body again. When you offered it up for a trade you were overweight, not taking care of yourself and dressed in very baggy clothes. The new Emma was unrecognisable! ‘Hi, this is so strange but wanna grab a drink?’ your old body asked you.
After getting into a fight with my little sister, she used magic to swap our bodies. "Ugh, Anna, swap us back! My girlfriend will come here any second!"
“Happy anniversary babe!” I say to you (my husband). It’s been a year since we swapped because you came in me when we took the x-change pill! (Rp)
Gorgeous girl in glasses making him cum in her mouth
With this cursed knife I was able to create skinsuits out of anyone I happened to plunge it inside of, hollowing them out and turning them into a pile on the ground. I was on a rampage collecting suit after suit, it had even caught the eye of a P.I.
I had broken an ancient lamp whilst on vacation in Belarus and now I'm back state side i..i..I don't know what happened. (Ama/rp)
My girlfriend and I had gone to couple’s therapy to try and save our relationship. They had suggested swapping bodies for a while to live in each others shoes. We are out for the first time and she’s gone to buy condoms thinking I won’t know but how do i tell her i want to be fucked raw..(rp wanted)
Would you really be willing to gi e up your life?
Trashy and I like it
My roommate was a total chav and they were sick of it so I agreed to swap bodies but when we swap I was at a party sitting on the sink in my panties my pants on the ground (rp always wanted)
my roommate shifted into this girl during the Great Shift. he was devasted at first but over time, he gradually accepting reality. i asked if his body changed his attitude or desires. moments later, we he find himself giving me his first blowjob.
Kevin was a man who missed the 70s and wanted to bring back things of that era. He knew swapping into a gorgeous woman and becoming an influencer would help that. He brought back roller skating and wondered how he could bring back disco next.
ever since my girlfriend moved away due to matters, it became hard for us to continue our relationship as a long distance couple. but instead of ending it, she switch bodies with my bitchy step sister. i recieved a bunch of missed calls from my step sister but clearly, i was to busy at the moment.
I was walking down the street when someone had shot me with a swap gun now I'm stuck in this girls body I have to quickly find out what I do in my new life (rp wanted)
It's been a a few days since this woman swapped our bodies. She seems to enjoy being young and fit a lot. I figured maybe I should get her body in shape. Perhaps she'll be inclined to swap us back then? She laughed when I told her this though... What do you think, am I making good progress?
my bully was almost like the hot girl in college. i had enough of her so i swap bodies with her. now im taunting her as much as i cant. "hey, "Joan" guess who's cum is this. ill give you some options. your weird uncle, your step dad, the professor, or another virgin you use to bully"
My step brother caught me taking swap pills and said he would tell people about it unless i could convince him otherwise, so that’s exactly what i did, letting him fuck the shit out of me until i made him cum right inside of me, making the swap permanent (rp)
You booted up the old videogame console and suddenly you became unconscious. When you woke up, you were someone different!
I made a time machine to go back to the 1940’s to see what it was like. But once the machine worked and i realized i had no way to return to my own time, i walked to a cafe. I then saw you sitting with another person. You were my grandma and i couldn’t help but stare. You saw me and you…(continue rp
Welcome to Possession City, where ghosts live again! (Another pick-a-body RP!)
Ok guys, here it goes, I am nervous about this , since the gender flu its been difficult getting the courage to do this, what do you think of my new feminine body ?
When my dad was working on his strange machine, I didn't put too much thought into it. Well one day when he was at work, me and mom went to look at it. I felt a zap and then I was laying on the ground in my mom's body. I look up to see my old body smiling. I can't help but smile too as I look down.
When I said I wanted a bigtitted Russian fuckdoll for a wife, I didn't expect babayaga to take offense and turn me into one. Now as an Ukrainian model cursed with the need of cum to keep my beauty, I see how misogynistic sexist and chauvinistic my views were. I still think I have a great rack, thou!
“Hey, dude! I’m finally awake after the swap. Thanks for letting me stay at your place. I love your pool!” I decided to FaceTime my best friend showing him how much I love the body he helped me get. (Rp)
"I won the bet, so no party " I said, proudly . Our parents were out of town and my sister wanted to throw a party which I wouldn't allow. So she baited me into a bet if I was able to chug down the bottle of Genderchanger drink, transforming me for the next 48h. I though I won but she smirked (rp)
I always hated flying because of the turbulence. One time I swore we were going to crash The flight attendant gave me came around and gave me some pills to help me with the rest of the flight. When I woke up I felt different, no longer afraid of flying, overwhelming urge to become a flight attendant
I’ve always wanted to be one of the girls from Star Wars, whether that be Ahsoka or Aayla Secura. When my twin sister heard this, she broke out a spell book and swapped me with one of them.
this goth student of mine tried to use this body swap spell to change her grade. sure it worked but she didnt see the "one time use" at the bottom. she is having a rough time in my body so i thought it would helpful to cheer her up with some exciting videos.
“Sorry, Alexa!” My best friend Nikki said from my body. “I tried making an appointment to swap back but they’re totally booked. We can go for another weekend without anyone noticing, right?” She said cheerfully.
me and my friend lucked out finding those swap spells. we were weak betas but after the spell we swap with the school's softball team captain on the left and the volleyball team captain on the left. not only do all of the girls look up at us, but they find it empowering that we became a lesbian duo.
my wife has shapeshifting abilities when she is in this weird field. it became our favorite place to be at. today, she shifted into our daughter's friend while they are at school.
Ever since i met this group, my life has been amazing, i was taken to this tropical island, so many people look happy. After 5 weeks of this ritual i'm now a very happy women, my job is to extract the groups painful urges. Looks like you're in alot of pain and luckily fount me. (RP)
With the swap rings, I knew I had to swap with someone hot. No place better than the local cosplay convention. I offered the ring as a gift to a girl cosplaying 2b and we swapped! She freaked out and got removed from the con, giving me time to explore myself...
I've come to find that the concentration exacerbates my secondary sexual characteristics, as in: fuller breasts, broader hips, wider areolae and harder nipples; and somehow also even less body hair. You wouldn't believe how soft and squishy my skin gets! It makes me feel just so breedable! (3)
when i went to a magic store i accidentally cursed myself, you see every time i got wet after 10 pm i change in elizabeth olsen, i told no one about it, so when we were watching a movie and i accidentally spilled water over myself i started to freak out (RP)
Pounded by bro
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
“I’m glad your enjoying the new uniform”. After I bullied you in high school, I never expected you’d be my boss. You told me you’d fire me and make sure I’d never work again or I’d have to listen to you. “This is so demeaning… I can’t believe I agreed. I even feel like a girl…”
“Your joking right? You can’t keep turning me into your personal milf every time I fall asleep” ever since I moved in with a few of my roommates they’ve had no respect for privacy “you promise me you’ll stop doing this after today, wait you did what while I was asleep?!!”
You know... me being my sister and you her husband might not be so bad(rp)
“Y’know, this isn’t so bad. I haven’t had to pay for a drink since I got here!” Our trip to Exchange Island hadn’t gone the way I thought it would, but I was still determined to make the most of our time here. (RP)
Was it wrong I was getting my kicks by astral projecting from my body and watching my parents do it.. but I wasn’t prepared for someone else astral projecting to enter my empty body causing me spiralling into yours, who were you and how did you know me?!
Would you rather swap bodies with Addison Rae or Pokimane. feel free to leave your reasons in the comments.
Permanent swap either my aunt or mom
It turns out that from birth I was cursed. I was meant to be born female but a relative of mine wanted a male to be born in the family. I discovered this when my friend was looking into magic and discovered a powerful hex on me. When he broke the curse I passed out and woke up in my true form. (RP)
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
My sister and I would always swap bodies when we were younger but once we hit puberty we stopped swapping. She asked me about it and it had been so long so i agreed to swap again! I sent her this whilst she was at the store and now shes asking what condom size i wear…this is gonna be fun!(Rp wanted)
“Enjoying my ass dude?~” I asked teasingly in my sister’s voice. My witch mom would often swap us as a form of punishment. And to make sure I don’t do anything improper, she’d cast another spell on me that’d make any guy’s cock near me weaker the hornier they’d get. But I wasn’t aware of that yet.
I had swapped bodies with my friends sister so I could hang out with him more but not telling him who I was. Was my biggest mistake since now my old body has come round for Thanksgiving (rp always wanted)
"Quick help me, some chick i slept with last night stole my masculinity. She swapped our genders" i said to you in a panicked tone from on the floor. In order to stop me from chasing her and the device she used she left me bound in my aparmtent so she could get away and leave me stuck as a chick(Rp)
SwapCon 1.1 come in and get yourself a new body, swapping and stealing included.
What it like to be female — male (2f) for Female
The shift left me in a complicated place, i didn't really like being who i was and i dont like being Brie. But it seems like alot of her 'fans' like me alot more than her. "Okay, uhm, i think we can start the questions now" (Rp Always open)
You walk into my room and see me as a girl. “I don’t know what happened, you have to help me!” I don’t want to admit that I just paid for what I thought was a porn video, but was really this new body. The webpage is still on the screen behind me. (RP)
I guess babayaga wasn't counting in the fact that men of this day and age can and will mail me their tributes, so usually I have enough stock to bathe once a week to keep my youth. Every once in a while, I like to extract their seed -and most importantly energy- by myself just for the funsies! (2)
Don't even worry about it. It's not your fault! The curse makes it difficult for men around me to get a proper bonner. Just keep stroking it. If it doesn't get up, I'll get it all forbidden fuchsia. I promise! What turns you on, thou? Boobs? Ass? Feet? Ooh! I'll spread'em wide once you're hard! (4)
When me and my sister had accidentally swapped bodies I didn't know how handle myself with my new body so I sent my new brother this snap (rp wanted)
My mother is a beautiful Japanese model, when she was told that she was going to be a man, she was very disappointed. I always dreamed of becoming a woman to make my mother proud, after a magical gender change I am going to walk on my first catwalk, my mother was so happy as she adjusted my bra.🥰✨
Yesterday my mother wished that she and I lived in a magical palace where all our dreams would come true, the next day my mother woke up being a beautiful queen, when she went to my room she expected me to be a handsome prince, but my dream come true and I wake up being a beautiful busty princess🥰✨🌹
Emily Elizabeth
"Okay, i did your tests, i made detective, so can i please get my body back? I dont want to be a chick, not now not ever" you were too lazy to do all your work, so you swapped with me, the smartest guy you know, now you're refusing to swap back. "Please swap me back..." (RP)
Something has been moving in scarjo's pants, nobody but you had noticed throughout filming, you decided to ask here about how strange she's been and whats in her pants. When she answers, it suprises you that it's an alien cock latched onto her crotch. (RP)
I had been forced into a new body by a family member, the process was illegal and they were found out, put in prison and I've been sent to live with another family. I can't ever go back to my old body, but instead have to get used to the fact that this is who I am now.
‘Guess who’s delivery came!’ I texted. Your attraction to me had been waning, I had even seen pics of girls in your phone. So I thought I’d surprise you and buy a skinsuit. ‘Wanna come home from work and early and play? I’m young enough to be your daughter, does that mean I can call you daddy?’
He Makes Her Cum
I got accepted to the new esports team, but was so excited I barely read my contract. Turns out the lowest ranking member had to take a pill and "boost team spirit". How can I ever expect to get better when instead of practice I'm doing this? It's been 5 matches now, I'm barely scoring anymore.
Few had more of a drastic change in the Celebrity/Pornstar Shift than Natalia Dyer &amp; Brandi Love. Brandi loved she was now being cast as the innocent girl after years typecast as a MILF. Natalia meanwhile found herself attracted to girls her old age and quickly became known as insatiable cougar.
I never wanted to be like this. My cock was supposed to be squeezed by amazing breasts, not my own drenched in cum! I was so ashamed of needing it, working for it, craving it. But if having my body used was so wrong, then why it felt so good!? That's how I learned I could feed off men's energy! (5)
My sister and I never got along very well. We were fighting when I accidentally sat on the remote, which ended up swapping our bodies. Evidently, the remote also made us both super horny. It's an odd sensation having my own dick inside of my pussy, but I'm enjoying it too much to complain!
Ever sense the great shift happened and I landed in my best friends crush he’s been making me do things like this all day! It’s annoying but I like to see how much joy it brings to his face
You convinced me to go out one night and I came down with a terrible case of fem-flu, somehow our entire group of friends came out unscathed while I sweated away my manhood one day at a time. At least the fever was over; meaning I could go back out.
Everything began with that wish "Please I want to change my body to deal with my high school bully" I couldn't think I would turn into some hottest girl and deal like that"
I fell off the side of this canyon and died 20 years ago. My soul had been floating around ever since then. Until just now. I felt my soul being sucked into a body. (RP)
My sister swapped our bodies when it was her turn to do chores around the house. She wanted to go out and partying and I’m stuck at the house doing her work! What is that noise? Crap! I think that is her boyfriend.
"Bad Water!" "Wait, what are yo-" "Shut the fuck up, sugar tits, and open your mouth!" Your rude neighbors must have slipped something into your home's jacuzzi- their souls! Now they've invaded the bodies of your Aunt and Mom, while their souls lie at the bottom of the water. "Ooh, these are nice.."
‘Wtf? Why is Liz sending me this?’ I thought to myself when receiving a risky picture from my sister. I went down stairs and just saw her smiling from the couch at me. ‘Enjoying yourself up there? Why don’t you come and sit next to your favourite little sis!’ she said with a wink. What is going on?
“I know your EX is gonna be at my party but I have a solution” she used her spell book to make me a female doppelgänger of myself “see she won’t even notice you, now get ready, I bought you a bikini” I don’t know about this, the first few people already arrived and I’m feeling a nervous
My family had been pressuring me to get a girlfriend for our vacation at our beach house. I was in a pinch, and I knew you loved any opportunity to wear your new bodysuit. “Just don’t overdo it, okay? It’s just for the weekend.”
Me and you have been beat friends for years now one night when were out on a party i got drunk and insulted this woman she cursed me as we both left the party the next morning i wake up like this not knowing what to do i text you ‘’i need you now something happend please hurry’’ (RP open dm me:)
I couldn't help but to contemplate in awe my own slim hourglass frame as I was told to undress not knowing why. I obliged because I didn't want to be awkward. I sat thinking I might've landed in a porno, but I was too afraid to ask. Let's just say I got a great sex crashcourse right after the shift!
Umm dude I don’t think that protein powder you gave me was protein
I was just checking on this strange website that popped up on my ads. “Poss3ss.her” seemed weird, as I accidentally clicked in it shot me straight into the nearest female body to me. Which was my sisters in the room next door.
What happened to me? Why I am in my sister's body?
I had been stuck as a taxi driver for a while. But I did get to see a lot of people, one of which I would switch with soon. When the perfect girl entered my cab I knew it would be my last ride. I drove her to her apartment and when she was about to exit I triggered the swap. Leaving her in the taxi!
I was just at a party having the time of my life when it happened. The whole house, from the romantic couples, the alcoholics, and the ones hooking up upstairs swapped. I woke up much later, in the body of a really shitfaced girl, barely able to make sense of it all
The suit of armor I bought from that mysterious merchant was enchanted! After I put it on, I felt my whole body begin to alter and change! What will the king think when he sees that his bravest knight is now a tiny, delicate woman?!
“..babe stop feeding the cow, its due to get slaughtered tomorrow!” My girlfriend had a kind heart, always doing good deeds but what she didn’t know was the cow was a man, more specifically you.. trapped in there by a witch who’s heart you broke, a kind act by another was the only way to swap out..
My parents never wanted me they wanted a daughter so when they had sold me off to my neighbors and turned me into a girl I was given a better life, every morning waking up to a loving mom and dad and having a brother that loves me “Hey bro what ya doing haha” giggling
Bodyswap/Roleplaying unpopular opinions!
OMG.. Just wait ( Her Free Album In Comment )
I used to love hopping into streamers right after they ended their streams, seeing if they had done anything 'naughty'. But with the rise of V-tubing, it became more of a risk to so. But I didn't expect to jump into this cutie all dressed up! I wonder if she is still concious? Makes it more fun~
I had been walking down the street when someone had shot me with a swap gun now I have to live the life of this girl (rp wanted)
"um is this how you do it?" I said as I awkwardly put my former cock between my new tits. our bodies and been swapped in a freak accident and you were loving every minute of it. no longer were you the town bike, now you were just another lonely guy.(rp)
It's my roommate's turn to pay rent. [Freeuse]
Premium suits have become more and more available. I've finally been able to afford one and have been able to treat myself to a Lana bodysuit from WWE. This is a short video of me enjoying the new me. Any other people I should purchase next?
going up?
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
“Baby it’s so cold out! This wasn’t what you promised!” I was always looking for opportunities to wear my new bodysuit. But when you offered me a winter getaway, I didn’t think that meant watching you sit around ice fishing for hours! At least you have something nice to look at...
"So, are you going to have sex with me or something? I ask because I managed to overthrow Courtney, and now these tits are OURS to play with," my girlfriend's soulless body suddenly texted one day. On one hand, I didn't want to mess around with "her" without my GF's permission...but on the other...
"Oh my god... can you believe this?" I smiled at you excitedly, I'd been hating my life recently, so you decided to take me on a trip to some cherry blossom garden... while we were there, I idly wished I was someone else... and you wished for a girlfriend... and suddenly? I was a woman?!
3 way swap,
My girlfriend told me she had a surprise for me. The next day, I woke up alone in bed, as long, brown hair got in my sight. "What the hell?" I yawned. (Rp always open)
You were messaged by a girl from class who asked for help on a project, only thing is she wanted you to solo it. After texting a bit about payment she suddenly sent "How about I let you use my body for tonight?" Before a jolt shocked you and you looked up only to see Abby staring at you. (RP, DMs✓)
Anyone want to talk about bodyswap? I’d love to hear all your bodyswap fantasies. Bonus points if you like ftm and mtm
"Alright so how's that?" You were talking to a girl from your class who needed help on a project only thing is she wanted you to do all the work. After texting a bit about payment she suddenly texted "How about I let you use my body for the night?" Before you feel a jolt and see Abby infront of you.
While at a party a girl handed me a random glass of alcohol. I didn't think much of it and kept drinking. But as i went on my body began to change, along with my clothes. When someone said "Smile for a pic, girls!" To me I looked down in confusion, reality setting in. I was a girl now!
I was having a nightmare last night where I was being chased by a woman. When she finally caught me she just whispers saying “don’t worry I’m just making you who you was always meant to be” as I wake up stretching, wait what did she mean? Who am I suppose to be? RP
I was scrolling through r/bodyswap when I suddenly saw a post that was a woman, asking people to possess her. I thought it was just pointless karma bait, but wanted to see what would happen if I responded. As soon as I posted my comment, I passed out and woke up inside her body. (RP)
Welcome to the Resort! A tropical destination for +18 hoppers, swappers, pill-poppers and the like. Nudity is optional and enthusiastic consensual intercourse is encouraged. "Hey Cutie, what's up? I'm Alejandra. Wanna check out Orgy Beach? It's my first time here," I smile (RP/Chat)
"What are you doing here? Where is is tha knife?!" Last week we made scarlett johansson a skinsuit, we made a deal that if i fucked you you would give me elizabeth olsens skin. "You did what with the knife?!" (RP)
Today in class we were given measured dildos to get rid of our unrealistic size expectations. I was paired with Dillion and after we swapped I was able to fucked myself up to the 5" mark, which felt most comfortable. She said she can easily take +8", but I now understand that 5" or fewer feel great!
"OH MY GOD! JESS! What did you do?!" I screamed as I ran out of the bathroom. My younger sister had replaced my shampoo with swap serum, causing us to exchange bodies! What the hell is she planning?! (RP?)
I look at you... The chubby older woman dressed in lingerie freaking out at me "please you have to belive me, it's me Aaron, your best friend!!!" you say in a scared tone
When my mom asked me to help with my little brother’s birthday gift, I assumed she meant buy him a game or something. But when I woke up unable to move and made of silicon I knew I had fucked up. I pray he’s not too tough with his toys (chat/rp)
I'm a professional cam model hopper. Whenever a camgirl is tired or just plain bored, they contact me so I can possess them and continue the show. Usually it just involves some mindless dancing so they can rest or take a break. Some have a huge possession kink and get so horny when I'm in them!
I saw some bot post this girl in this sub and figured I would steal her from it! So whoever this slut as, she's mine now!
"im telling you this suit is too small why do you think ill be able to fit into your clothes?" I asked my gf from her mom's body. during the FOSE she ended up fantasizing about me and swapped us, she ran away after it happened, a week later and my gf now daughter was trying to help me adjust(rp)
my sister's friend had had it with her life and decided she wanted to try something new, so at a sleepover she asked if we could talk in private, as she took me aside she cast a spell and I found myself turning into her and she into me now I'm naked in front of my old body(rp)
I had swapped bodies with my sister cause we were arguing and wanted to see who had life easier. I didn't know she would make me act like such a slut (rp)
Luke was a broken college dropout due to his gambling addiction, one day he joined a secret well paid project as a test subject and the Doctor in charge warned him about being stuck in a different reality, he didn't believe that until his scrawny self woke up feeling quite soft (DM 4 RP)
“Wait up!” I say, panting and smiling. My girlfriend and I wanted to try to get back to our old hobbies, like hiking, and I’m glad to get out of the house. But since the Shift, I’ve been way less athletic than her.
Me and my girlfriend were at the gym when the great shift hit us, swapping pur bodies. "What the hell?" I exclaimed as I found myself on the ball she used for work out. (Rp always open)
My girlfriend wanted to try a new spell she learned. Well, something backfired, and I fell unconscious on the floor, and I turned into a woman. (Rp always open)
My dad didn’t want me to use his cars anymore after I ruined another one of his. My sister however still could. I promised my mates that I would give them a ride, what they didn’t expect me was that it would be in my sisters body. ‘Get in dudes, it’s still me just in a skirt!’
i got paired with this girl at swap class. however her pussy felt beyond amazing. i skipped the whole semester just playing with it. i knew i would have to do something. so i decided to fake my own death.
Another Caption RP: Black Widow and Hulk Body Swap (Created by: CelebSwap) I would be playing Hulk in Widow's body.
"What are you doing here? Where is the knife?!" Last week we made Scarlett Johansson a skinsuit, we made a deal that if i fucked you you while wearing her, you would give me Elizabeth Olsens skin. "You did what with the knife?!" (RP)
You read a random passage from the weird book I had at the end if of my bed whilst you were waiting for me to finish up in the bathroom. Suddenly... Poof, youre a middle aged woman... "you okay in there" I shout as I hear a scream...
I was meant to be paired up with another male for swap class, but an error made me swap with the slutty goth Rebecca. Now I have to stay in her body for the entire semester. Well if I'm staying like thsi, I might as well get to know her body...
Elizabeth had “borrowed” a wizard’s spellbook to practice magic. However, the spell she used swapped her with a monster! What kind of monster did she swap with? (RP)
My history professor was incredibly cute and I was sure she had a thing for me. So you can imagine how pissed I was when she gave me a D- last semester! I decided I’d possess her on her trip with her dumb boyfriend. This’ll show her!
I had put on my girlfriends bunny ears I didn't realize that it would turn me into her before I know it I'm wearing a full bunny costume as her ex starts to msg me (rp always wanted)
Aina loved James, but was too ambitious to continue as his submissive little wife. So she found a spell to swap bodies with Charlie, the meek, white, IT specialist next door. Aina would hone his wimpy body, James would get his perfect wife, and Charlie? Well he wouldn't have a choice in 3...2...1...
My good friend was visiting for the weekend when one of my neighbor's inventions malfunctioned and we all passed out. When we awoke he and my wife were in each other's bodies! Now I have to live with him as my wife while my neighbor takes a week to fix his machine to switch them back
“..wake up sleepy head.. well at least I know why you don’t reply to my good morning texts your so lazy babe..” I giggle rubbing the edge of the bed.. it’s been about a day since me your girlfriend mysteriously swapped bodies with your mum, we all agreed just to act normal until we figure it out.
I had a gambling problem and owed my bookie a lot of money. When I couldn’t pay he took my girlfriend as collateral. Two days later i got a text from her phone with this video. He had swapped bodies with her and if I didn’t pay in the next 24 hours he would start an OnlyFans as her to get his money…
(Captions by: CelebSwap) I was hoping to RP one of these posts. I would be the one to swap it's basically Zendaya or Scarlett Adorable or Sexy... I would most likely wanna become Zendaya.
Your girlfriend flunked one too many classes last semester, and as a punishment the university took away her Study Abroad scholarship! I managed to convince them to give it to me, a much more deserving student. Looks like they gave me more than just the scholarship! “Isn’t Rome amazing, dude?”
We were at at the mall just hanging out. After I threw a quarter in the fountain and wished for a girlfriend I noticed you slowly started to look different. Rp
The shift was a very big issue around the world, but for me i had an issue, i was thinking about Brie and Scarjo at the same time, so now i have two bodies. Right now i'm on a special interview by fans and a reporter. "Okay, i think we're ready for the questions" (RP)
My dad had been begging me to test his TF machine on me for the summer, eventually I gave in and strapped myself in, it was only then I found out he was planning to turn me into a new little sister for my sister Alex! I guess this is me for the summer…
I had gotten in deep shit with the mafia and had to go into hiding the swap clinic wasn't gonna take its chances with me on an official job but money can work wonders (ama/rp)
It turns out that from birth I was cursed. I was meant to be born female but a relative of mine wanted a male to be born in the family. I discovered this when my friend was looking into magic and discovered a powerful hex on me. When he broke the curse I passed out and woke up in my true form. (RP)
Eliza Ibarra "I want you to cum inside me" @0:02
She Goes All The Way
hold up shirt with teeth
I had been asking a girl for nudes when she sent me this pic I was staring at her body when suddenly I was looking in the mirror at my new body (rp)
I had a soft spot for those cheesy Hallmark movies, but this one was different... somehow I was swapped into one of the characters’ bodies, on her wedding day of all things! I make a beautiful blushing bride but I don’t think this will be as wholesome as the movies...
Earth's heroes and villans were strong, but even they couldn't withstand the power of the great shift. When the great shift hit the earth, it swapped many heroes and villans randomly. In jump city,Raven and Starfire were fighting Jinx and Terra when we were swapped in. (rp wanted. prefer 4 person rp
me and my friend were holding a game of thrones marathon, we both had a big chrush on the lead actrice emilia clarke, but what we didn't know was that i odered a special editon of the series, when we were watching the introduction of emilia clarke's character I started to feel weird (RP)
I still can’t believe I only just discovered my ability to hop into other peoples bodies. It’s been so fun just being someone else whenever I feel like, and right now I feel like trying Mom.
The newest trend in the swapping community was swap elixir you and a person drink and swap bodies it’s been a month since the body mixer and Tammy who I became just told me I can keep it if I want to be her we’ve told her friends so it’s fair to them now their in my room.
I was an 18 year old boy when suddenly my friend turned me into a girl "What's going on?" look at my friend "you did that?"
Ever since a small shift swapped a tiny portion of the population I've been stuck in this busty Asian girl. After losing all my gym progress, I tried so hard to get it back. But no matter how much I worked out these damn boobs wouldn't ever shrink!
While at a family get together my grandma set up a strange game. If you drew your name from the hat, you'd win money. Everyone seemed to be getting money, so I figured it was some kind of prank. When I pulled the card out though, it was my aunts name. In the blink of an I was suddenly in her body!
This isn’t exactly what I meant when I wished I was related to my best friend. But this family is way better then mine. Maybe this won’t be so bad. Rp
I had put on my girlfriends bunny ears I didn't realize that it would turn me into her before I know it I'm wearing a full bunny costume as her ex starts to msg me (rp always wanted)
she became a celebrity for the day because of her body
My friends were asking me to bring a pretty girl to his party I didn't know anyone so I took a xchange pill I just can't let someone cum in me or it will be permanent (rp open)
"Fem-Ware!" There was this virus spreading across the Internet, one that could affect people. When you logged on to stream for the night, you gave it no thought, never knowing that the new game your moderator sent you was going to change your life. Now you livestream for the pure pleasure of it..
Earth's heroes and villans were strong, but even they couldn't withstand the power of the great shift. When the great shift hit the earth, it swapped many heroes and villans randomly. In jump city,Raven and Starfire were fighting Jinx and Terra when we were swapped in. (rp wanted. prefer 4 person rp
“Thanks for picking me up. My parents are at work and still a little weird about it anyway, and my brother won’t even speak to me anymore since I got back from the clinic.” I knew I was meant to be a girl, so I went to the clinic. I’ve always had a thing for you, my older brother’s best friend. (RP)
Lily was my former best friend. She always used to be kinda a tomboy but since college she suddenly gotten really popular and didn’t want to hang with me anymore. When she went on holiday with her new friends I wanted to switch with someone on the trip but I ended up as Lily instead.
The girl I'm on a date with, Jenny, giggles and stares at me. "Do you really think I'm cute?" she asks shyly. Little do I know, Jenny didn't want to go out with me, so she lent her body to her sister, who hasn't had many dates with boys yet, in order for her to use this chance to 'practice'.
My family dragged me to another one of my aunt’s weddings. But before the ceremony started I got swapped into her body. Now I know why she can’t hold down a man - an hour before her wedding and she’s already trying to fuck one of the groomsmen! Should I go through with this? With the wedding?!
You were the messiest roommate I've ever had. To motivate you to start cleaning your part, I smuggled a new bodysuit out of the research lab. Whenever something wasn't done on time you had to wear the suit and do it while dressed as a slutty maid. Did I imagine it or did you start getting clumsier?
Looking for good bully body swap posts
I got a job as a magicians assistant but just before the show he turned me into this! He says we’re on in five minutes, what am I gonna do?!
I don’t know why but the morning I woke up for my wedding day reality change to where I was born a girl. Now instead of marrying my fiancé I’m her bridesmaid. (RP/AMA)
"I told you she would have huge tits! Look!", after my friend told me about his crush, I made sure I'd pick her as my partner for swap class. I've finally been able to show him what he's craving. [RP]
My girlfriend, on the left, was a witch. She usually put up protective spells on us when we went out to keep creeps away. When we got home she forgot one spell, and when I kissed her my body began to change into a woman's. But I was too enthralled by kissing her to even notice my new body!
That dumb scientists decided to test his new mind reading machine on our family. My son brought his girlfriend and the machine malfunctioned and me and her swapped bodies. Sorry son but just because I'm in her body doesn't mean I'm changing the way I act I'm still your father. (RP)
I guess if I had to get any old lady's body in the shift this one was the best option, I mean she's in shape, not my mother, and sort of hot. Just wish I wasn't losing 20 years of life because of some random event no one saw coming...
The curse sounded simple but was far from it, I was cursed to swap bodies with my best friends mom abd the only way I could swap back was to have sex with 10 guys... I can't let anyone know it's really me in this fat old body
My brother is a funny guy. After the great shift shifted him into a busty babe he likes to keep his humor as you can see by his shirt. (RP)
“You still think shapeshifting is a lame superpower huh?” I panted still rubbing myself against you. Just 15 minutes ago we were arguing about the best superpower. You said teleportation and I said shapeshifting. The universe must have been on my side because as I started to lose my body changed.
"Oh no," my husband grinned, "this is your fantasy. I drank the potion to be your perfect woman, there's no backing out now." I gulped and realized how dry my mouth was. Dreaming of fucking another woman - a supermodel at that - had been my bisexual fantasy. But the reality was so scary and sexy!
Possessing Margot Robbie on a press tour was so worth the planning. Since I hopped her, I've barely been able to keep my hands off this body. And Cara is picking up on it. I knew she was bi but I didn't expect her to be this into Margot. I mean... I get it! I smile, "Can we wrap up interviews now?"
“That’s a very good question. Yes. Obviously the shift was hard. I’d never thought about being a woman before and then it just happened. But after a while, it’s natural. I miss my manhood every day, but there’s nothing like wearing a cute dress. Any other questions from you or anyone at home?” (RP )
After the great shift, things were weird I swapped into my aunt! She forced me to take over her life and pretend like her or I never switched in the first place here I am at the family gathering a year after the shift and you see me.
Discount bodysuits were a dangerous gamble to waste your money on, one faulty seam or the zipper could break right off. I mean this one was probably defective but you could never tell until you slip them on, so far so good.
My girlfriend put a spell on me to protect me from danger. Well, that spell served it's purpose. I was hit by a car and died, and due to the spell, my soul got trapped into her best friend's body. (Rp always open)
"Bret?! What the hell! That's my mom!!!" When Bret told us about the power he gained to possess bodies, we told him to find the hottest woman in town so our group of virgin friends could have 'sex-ed'. I didn't expect him to show up like this!!
I had gone to get a new phone since mine died on me. The sales girl promised i would enjoy a phone i never heard about. I downloaded everything over to my new phone. I see a option called morph. I think it's one of those filters I choose my gf pic and point the camera at me and push enter. "Oh no!"
Swap strippers are big now a days, I love mature women and one woman fit my taste, taking her into a back room she pushed me onto the bed and swapped us “sweety use my body well to pleasure yourself with those massive tits” overpowering me she came deep inside me locking me as the new victim in her
I bought this weird necklace from a witch that would protect me from death. It's role would soon be found when I got stabbed to death on an alley, and somehow woke in my girlfriend's best friend's body.(Rp always open)
"Chris why are you topless!?" Chris gave his sister an annoyed look. "You forcefully swapped us so I would be the one to take your final exam. So here I am studying. It's not my fault if I have a little fun on my study breaks."
“Dude you gotta believe me, i’m your roommate!” i said frantically after you opened the door. I had been caught in the great shift and ended up in this big booty body!
“Seems there’s an uneven amount of guys and girls Andrese, why don’t I turn you into my wife for the class assigment” my class conducts a mother father experiment every year but I was the last guy left with my teacher so he turned me into a girl “time for the baby” he said as he pumped one inside me
“Thanks so much for taking these photos for me!” Now that I’d swapped with this beautiful girl, I had to start filling up my Instagram with cute photos! Good thing you volunteered to help me out...
My dad was something of a playboy... it seemed like there was a new girl over at his house every week. I took a liking to his latest fling, so I decided to possess her! I hope my dad doesn’t find out it’s me...
My life was boring and I just had to get away from it for a while. That is when I received a suit in the mail. I booked a holiday and took the suit with me. When I got there I turned on the bath, got in the suit and picked out a cute bikini. ‘Now this is the better life’ I said enjoying myself
Going into Witness Protection was pretty harrowing. I was relocated halfway across the country and put into the body of a woman half my age. It’s been six months and now that I’ve had time to adjust I realize what a blessing this is. I can start over and be any kind of girl I want!
Did anyone else wake up with a totally different life, or have I gone crazy? Last night I was a guy, and now I’m a woman that just moved in with her boyfriend. There seems to be no sign of my old life as well so I think I’m stuck like this. I think I’m starting to think my boyfriend is cute too…
After I lost a bet with my friend I had to wear his sisters clothes. After a while I noticed small changes to my body. When big things started to change I ran to the bathroom not wanting him to see me like this. Now the clothes won’t come off. (Rp)
I walk inside my gf’s house and see you taking selfies in her body. “Dude! Hurry up! You’re still in her pajamas? It’s quarter of 1! You have to go to Caitlin’s cheer practice. Isn’t that how you were going to see if Abby likes you?” You swapped with my gf to talk to her best friend, your crush (RP)
"What? You said it was beach day with the girls so I took one of the girls? I don't see the problem." Being a body hopper was great! when my girlfriend told me she was going on a 'girls day' I just took over her friends! But... I kept coming back to this one...
A lot of kinky sex is the reason me and my wife are still together! This week we are taking our role play to the next level, she is teaching swap class for this semester which means access to the machine! She put me in one of her favourite students bodies while she took mine…
Wow dude look at you! I told you not to try and sneak in to the sorority. The girls did a really good job making you look like a real woman. Rp
Due to a 'clerical' error I had been signed up for swap class. Well I got swapped with this blonde girl. Well then they figured the error out and now I'm stuck as her (RP or AmA)
"Okay hear me out, I become goth, It's like a statement right? That she's changed and I'm her now?" After the great shift turned me into a college girl, her family wouldn't believe me... I had to find a way to really shake them up... then we landed on the idea of us dating...
The FOSE sent me on a massive power trip, I triggered the swap, and of course I knew how fucking hot I was, I specifically look for women who were swapped with men, and I like to really 'take control'... show then how I can still treat them how they want to be treated, and being hot while doing it!
“Morning babe.” My wife said as I walked downstairs. I was lucky that the Great Shift spared me, but she swapped with my younger sister. “Want anything from the store? Maybe we can talk about that vacation when I get back…” She says tentatively.
“Morning babe.” My wife said as I walked downstairs. I was lucky that the Great Shift spared me, but she swapped with my younger sister. “Want anything from the store? Maybe we can talk about that vacation when I get back…” She says tentatively.
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
I smirked as I rubbed my heel against my leg, “Kneel before your master?” I smirked at you. I was an alien, a small one, that needed a host to survive. I had found this meat sack at a large gathering, and it was strong enough to use for now. Now I just needed a slave, which is where you came in (RP)
The body roulette machine is a very exciting new casino game. You put in some money, pull the lever and next thing you know you’ve swapped with someone else on the floor! I’m pretty happy with the body of this rich guy’s trophy wife. It’ll make a nice souvenir to take home.
The first month of the Great Shift was a rollercoaster. First: panic. Being someone entirely new was shocking but not as profound as not knowing your own family. Second: acceptance. Life was new, but not impossible. And third... fun. Getting to live as someone as hot as Hayley was enthralling.
Given another chance at life, your spirit is returned to earth. Which of these bodies do you take to be your own?
I was failing at becoming a twitch streamer so I decided to take a xchange pill and become a egirl hopefully now people will watch my streams (rp always open)
A witch put a curse on my best friend, turning him into this busty woman. But to put the cherry on top she turned ME into my best friends cock! Making her this super desirable futa! The witch said it was temporary, but I wasn't sure how long I was gonna survive like this.
The great shift has been crazy, My friend got changed which sucks. Today I was gonna meet him at the bar I don't know what he looks like yet but I'll find him. All I know is he is a chick now Now the question is, which one is he? (RP)
"I told myself I was only going to switch for the night, go to the bar and get the attention of a few guys, I wanted to feel hot and sexy. Well look at me now its 8 AM and I am doing a porn now, and to top it off I really dont want to change back."
I was having a nightmare last night where I was being chased by a woman. When she finally caught me she just whispers saying “don’t worry I’m just making you who you was always meant to be” as I wake up stretching, wait what did she mean? Who am I suppose to be? RP
I smirked as I twirled around to show off my body, “Well? What do you think?” I held the remote out for you, “This can change your appearence to anyone you want.” I knew we were gonna have a lot of fun with this (RP)
The FOSE sent me on a massive power trip, I triggered the swap, and of course I knew how fucking hot I was, I specifically look for women who were swapped with men, and I like to really 'take control'... show then how I can still treat them how they want to be treated, and being hot while doing it!
"Become him, he's witnessed too much" We are both zygons, both of us were looking for a place to hide, i became this women named clara, you're going to become the man who had just witnessed us. "Get him!" I yell, dragging my human counterpart away. (RP)
Come on dude, hurry up and cum already! The weird gypsy said the only way I can get out of Kyle's mom's chubby body is if I let I guy cum inside me! This is already humiliating enough
First Swapcon, get in here and get a new body or steal one!
Adam's father-son fishing trips have been weird since he shifted into his son's gf's body, especially since his son was unshifted. He didn't like the way that his son was having an effect on his new body. Sooner or later, he knew this tension was going to break. He hoped he had enough self-control.
Some called me the was smartest man in the universe, I knew myself to be a god and demonstrated my unstoppable power by transforming my self into a pickle.
This is so strange! I went to bed last night as my 6ft male self and I woke up this morning as 5ft bombshell! Everything in my room has changed to match my body and everyone is acting like ive always been this way!
A body hopper had infiltrated my school by switching into Ms Lowe’s body. When I tried to confront him, he swapped into me and ran off. In the weeks since I’ve come to adjust to my new reality. None of my old friends can tell it’s me. In fact I think I pissed them off by failing them on a big test.
"Dude... Quit looking at me like that..." I sat nervously in my chair and in an awkward position. Ever since I swapped with Zendaya I've been acting adorable it's not my fault! The body is adorable!... I mean the small tits help... And the hair... (RP)
“Did you seriously let your Dad go out dressed like this? He’s being a total slut in your body!” I watched Anya’s friends taking photos of me and texting who I assumed to be Anya. I don’t care I know she won’t read them she busy fucking my wife which why I know I could do whatever I want tonight!
My parents told me that without a college degree I will always be a loser and poor all my life but after buying a book of spells my life changed completely, now I am at their house to show them that their new daughter is a millonarie star porn, they don't like me but I don't care,I love my new body✨
“Hey Jamie” I say knocking at the door in a new feminine voice “where did you get my birthday necklace?” My voice trembles outside my friends room, her parents invited me over for my birthday for a party, I felt really good getting a BFF necklace from her, but not so good about turning into a girl
Swap class was going fine for me until we finally had that pool party that my brother and I had talked about. I didn’t even know that I had swapped with my brothers crush until he finally saw me in my new bikini and finally told me! (Rp always open)
"I told you I was different!" I giggle into face time, "It's called like the 'minor shift' I think? Some government lady was telling me about all the free stuff I get! I full apartment plus a monthly allowance, just cause I'm a girl now! God... cosmic events are fun, right?"
"I told you I was different!" I giggle into face time, "It's called like the 'minor shift' I think? Some government lady was telling me about all the free stuff I get! I full apartment plus a monthly allowance, just cause I'm a girl now! God... cosmic events are fun, right?"
my sister was always very manly, she always told me that she would be a better man than me,so one day I bet with her to see who was more manly,if she won she would keep my body,if I won she was going to let me fuck her, now she is on my body and I am accepting my new role as a busty pretty sister😓
You and I decide to pick some hosts to get us into the party and we spot this couple posing for a photo and decide they’d do nicely..”which one would you like”..we choose and dive in taking over their bodies and posing seductively for the photo’s being taken..
"Stop looking at me like that, you are the only one making this weird" That's what I told my neighbour after the FOSE hit. Turns out she was thinking about me when she came. I can't blame her, I heard her when she was beating off and decided to bother her. Now I'll get to beat off IN MY NEW BODY...
The witch club controlled the school, one day I pissed off a member and she turned me into a girl who can’t say no! Everyone uses me as the school slut! What did they do to you?
My job is simple. When a wrestler wants a break, I take their place. Recently Lacey has said that she's wanted a break to start a family, so I got the call, and I couldn't deny this opportunity. Yes it meant that I couldn't take the suit off for months but look... how could I say no.
"How do I look babe?" my gf changed me into this for a girl's night, But I love it so much I might ask to stay!
my sister was always very manly, she always told me that she would be a better man than me,so one day I bet with her to see who was more manly,if she won she would keep my body,if I won she was going to let me fuck her, now she is on my body and I am accepting my new role as a busty pretty sister😓
"THIS is how it's going!" I text back, adding a mirror selfie. My girlfriend and I had an argument, and she was so angry she swapped my body and my little sister's... And now she's checking up on me? I can't believe it! As soon as I'm back in my body, I'll break up with her.
swapped being a beta 4 being a sissy slut
That gypsy really did a number on me, turning me into a big titted brunette... But still with my male voice!! How am I gonna explain this to my wife and kids?! And why are my panties getting wet? (THERE'S A LINK TO A VIDEO OF MY NEW BODY IN THE COMMENTS)
"We told you that we would get the money sooner than later, you failed to meet the deadline so we took your daughter and plan to use this swap gun to switch with someone to use her body to make us money. luckily, her balding teacher was more than willing to take the job.
"dude check it out, I'm Ms Smith. she wanted to switch lives and how can i resist, i had a crush on her for ages. but now, instead of changing your grades and letting you hit for free. its more rewarding if you earn it. so from now on, you will only bang me if you get a A on this next test.
I didn’t understand why my wife wanted to go to marriage counseling, we haven’t even been married a year and I thought our relationship was going fine. Now I can’t believe what I’m hearing. This lady wants us to swap bodies to better understand each other. “That can’t be possible.” Rp
“Oh hey, Mr. Garret.” My girlfriend says with a polite tone - she doesn’t know about the accident that swapped me with my dad last night. “Have you seen Matt? He hasn’t texted back yet. Maybe he’s sleeping in?”
'Check out my latest find &lt;33' I text you. I've been swapping for a few months now... At first it was sexual, but after so many swaps, you noticed I started acting a lot more feminine. Now, swapping has become more of a trophy hunting game to see how cute I can become!
Being a superhero in a small city sucks, there is just never any crime happening and not a single supervillain around to fight. You, my roommate took pity on me and decided you could ham it up and become a villain for a day. Unfortunately, this was the only suit they had left for disguising yourself
When you found out I had to ability to body swap, you immediately requested that I swapped with your cute neighbor! ...now what? (Dm for rp)
My aunt had stolen my body swapping device, leaving a note that said she would be taking a week long vacation in my body. Unfortunately for me, I had invited a friend over the day I woke up with my aunt's giant breasts.
People used to ask me if I had a Christmas Wish, well I had one, to become a pretty and slutty girl, apparently 2 months ago my Wish was granted, I woke up in a Hot girls body! This is a picture of me trying a red lingerie on Christmas Day,since that day I've been fucking so many cocks❤️(BBC too🤤)
We were just two straight best friends that enjoyed possessing girls and cosplaying on the weekends. Today you've teased me once too many and I finally claimed your lips.
“First time trying on make up since my second puberty, what do you guys think?” *I send a picture to the group chat* (Rp)
As I dropped my brand new swapping device, I watched as it filled the room with a white flash. When I came to, I was in my neighbor's house wearing nothing but lingerie. I quickly ran back to my house, finding out that she had run off with my body and the broken remains of the device.
Tell me what do you like about me and this body is yours
[M4M2F] LOOKING FOR ROLEPLAY PATNERS
"Yeah they knew as soon as I was in her body that stuff was all wrong, I got like purple eyes and the machine fizzled?" I giggled, smiling at you. Years ago in swap class, I got stuck in this body, since then I've learned how to be a woman and everything, and I'm casually telling you this on a date!
My girlfriend texted me to go upstairs to help her with something and when I did I saw her sitting on the bed. She pointed a device at me and we swapped bodies! Worst part is in my panic I dropped and broke the device and I don’t know if she’s going to make another! (RP)
I (left) wanted to swap us into a couple of cute sorority girls for our spring break... but it looks we’re stuck as two horny MILFs for the whole vacation!
Your friend turns into a female celeb
“Do you believe me now dude?” I asked you. I tried to use a spell on me that would allow me to shapeshift into any person. But something messed up only letting me turn into women. “You gotta come over! I really need your help!”(RP)
I had been in this girl's bathroom for an hour now just posing. I showed up for a tinder date, bit she quickly explained she just needed a big guys body to go get a creep off her ass, and swapped us... but she's been gone a bit longer than expected. She didn't just trick me, right? She'll be back??
I brushed my new long hair from my face. While on vacation my buddies and I ran into this girl and her friends. Turns out the one in the group who liked me was a witch, but I curved her hard. She didn't take it well, and the next morning I woke up like this! Right before our trip to the beach!
Me and my sister had swapped bodies cause we were arguing and our mom got sick of it she swaped our bodies and said we had to live like each other for a while i still don't know if I want to go to school yet (rp always open)
‘She was your date? I’m sorry dude but for security reasons I need to borrow her for the night.’ I was a guard at a special nightclub with high profile quests. As a special security measurement I got the task to posses a random guest and be the eyes on the floor. Getting paid to party! It’s great!
Being a superhero in a small city sucks, there is just never any crime happening and not a single supervillain around to fight. You, my roommate took pity on me and decided you could ham it up and become a villain for a day. Unfortunately, this was the only suit they had left for disguising yourself
I sat there staring into the mirror, resigned and frozen in disbelief. In years of RPing TG scenarios I've not expected one to come true. I didn't even have it in me to inspect the pudgy weight hanging of my chest. I knew the RP involved mental changes kicking in any time now. And I was terrified...
I still couldn't believe it, this was my body now! Ha! My possession technology actually worked, and what better way to recruit unknowing volunteers through advertising as a cosplay company! My thighs are so squishy now, I could keep doing this all day~ I wonder if this girl is even aware. Oh well!
Ever since my second puberty I’ve been more bold! Today I post this pic on snap to show others I’m not down about going from a 38 year old guy to a 22 year old college girl! I hope others enjoy it! (RP always open)
I had been strutting around town all day long, showing of my thick thighs and nothing. Not a single person possessed my body. I sat down ready to give up when I suddenly felt a finger of mine trace a line on my thigh. Finally lets get this started!
I was the leader of our group until you decided that enough was enough and forced a xchange pill down my throat. "I'll fucking kill you if you don't give me the reversing pill!" (Rp always open)
Ever since my swap at the clinic, I’d been coming over to your place all the time. I just love hanging out in your hot tub in my new bikinis!
my roommate shifted into his sister's friend during the Great shift. its been great, because now, ever time i see her masturbating i join in.
I was jealous of my boss so I casted a spell to swap bodies with him but I must of missed the spell cause I'm now stuck in his daughter's body (open rp)
I still couldn't believe it, this was my body now! Ha! My possession technology actually worked, and what better way to recruit unknowing volunteers through advertising as a cosplay company! My thighs are so squishy now, I could keep doing this all day~ I wonder if this girl is even aware. Oh well!
After my girlfriend messed up a spell, a new reality was created, where I was now her little sister. I have to stay like this until she fixes it, and today I got my first period. (Rp always open)
We each had a huge crush on each other’s sisters, so we had this crazy idea to buy each other a suit of them! Now we can have all the fun we want!
My mother is a beautiful Japanese model, when she was told that she was going to be a man, she was very disappointed. I always dreamed of becoming a woman to make my mother proud, after a magical gender change I am going to walk on my first catwalk, my mother was so happy as she adjusted my bra.🥰✨
My sister gave me $200 to be her Guinea pig for her college beauty class. Before we start I thought I felt her stick a needle in my arm, well 3 hours later I look like this and she just offered another $100 to spend the day with her and her friends. I hope nobody I know sees me. (Rp)
"Look, whatever spell you used to make me your 'dream girl,' you need to reverse it. It's starting to affect my thoughts."
"Loser does whatever the winner says!" My girlfriend said over the other end of the mic. She had never beaten me at this game before. But for the first time ever, she won! Her request made no sense as she demanded we swap sexes, but in a flash I felt different, my whole room changed, too!
Our school has an unusual tradition. We are an all boys school for the fall semester. We have a formal dance with the all girls school in town. But for spring semester, it all flips. We become an all girl school. This is me on the left. How do I look? (RP)
It was a hot summer day, i invited you at my place to go swiming at my new pool, as we were chilling at the pool it as is was getting hotter and hotter, at one point i began to sweat, so i jumped in the pool, as i came up the surface i was like this ( rp)
"What do you think?" I text you with a photo. last week you used magic to put me in your mom's body, and now I'm living my best life as a single MILF
I was a cia aget and we had been tracking this drug lord for years. When we captured his wife it was decided we'd swap bodies and I'd break his ring from inside. I was warned many times not to get cum in me but never told why. He isn't one for warnings when he is close. What happens to me now? (RP)
I decided to get a book for my parents, i didnt know it at the time but i really liked the book i picked, i sorta got lost into it and everything changed, i had a whole new look on reality! I mean.. you came and started flirting with me, for a second i thought i was a football player. (RP)
My older sister and I could never get along, even after she moved away for university we found a way to argue. Sick of it, my mom finally revealed she had latent magical powers, and used them to swap us. Now I was getting ready for her classes the next morning, but her damn boobs wouldn't stay put!
Look I can have fun getting ready now, can't I? It's not my fault I got swapped into my best friend's older sister, she wanted to do it after all and I couldn't say no! I was just trying to make the most of it, even if this was completely insane to me. But I did feel cute...
I groggigly woke up in thr morning, stretching out and pressing my hands down as I felt my big breasts... w-wait, breasts? I looked down and froze slowly. Last night I had gone home with a girl, and now I was waking up as her! But her boobs were definitely not this big before!
After finally agreeing to take swap class to help bump up my grades I was shocked that it was meant to last 4 months but if it got me a better grade I don't mind that was until they handed out who we where gonna swap with and of course I'm gonna swap with Alice the school nerd(RP)
"Like look I'm telling you I'm totally not Tammy she like found a spell to um swap like our souls around and I am stuck as her." I sigh "I am like talking and acting like her cause I still have some of her like dumb brain I'm like totally a airhead now with big fake titties like help me find her"(rp
You slept over my house last night. We were drinking beers and playing video games until three in the morning. I woke up and looked on the floor of my room. You were gone. I hear giggling from my sisters room and peek my head in. She’s talking to a girl I’ve never seen. (RP)
My girlfriend recently started magic but something went wrong and I ended up in a new reality where I was my girlfriend’s little sister fresh out of high school in this reality I had a super dom boyfriend and girlfriend i wanna go back
you were once a 6’3 rich older man. you were past your prime, but you were still enjoying life. everything got thrown away when your granddaughter wished she could have all of your money, and somehow the two of you swapped! now you were a barely 5’ 20yo, restarting life! RP
I had a crush on this female streamer for a long while now, but she saw me as nothing more than a viewer. I tricked her into clicking on a link that would swap our bodies. Now she gets to view a new type of 'stream'. Is she always this horny?
“Sir, apologies for this confusion- please have some complimentary champagne as an apology”. NuLife was an insurance policy used by the ultra wealthy, transferring consciousness when the customers natural body died- looks like your specifications weren’t met.
Ever since my second puberty I’ve been more bold! Today I post this pic on snap to show others I’m not down about going from a 38 year old guy to a 22 year old college girl! I hope others enjoy it! (RP always open)
I had a curse placed on me where every month I would randomly switch with someone on earth. Could be in foreign country or other times a guy in a basement but this time it was special. When the switch happened I first checked my phone and saw I was a huge influencer with a massive following! Fun!
The worst thing about the Great Shift wasn't swapping into our mom's, or that it happened while they were having sex. It was how good it felt, that's why we keep doing it!
Be my new mom
The great shift left a lot of people in unsuitable bodies, I woke up in the body of a stripper and without my old body's upper body strength... continuing my career in construction was over. At least the club had a new openning for me, I'm even making more in tips than I ever did at my old job.
I caught my girlfriend cheating on me, yet even after I exposed her to everyone she’s still got this innocent, good girl image. So I bought this suit of her to get absolutely trashed at parties and ruin her reputation!
(RP) I was always jealous of my good-looking boss's lavish life and house. I got what I wanted...in a way. I woke up one morning wearing nothing but heels, a necklace, and these massive silicone tits. "Good morning, honey," my boss said to me from the other side of the bed. I might enjoy this...
It was a hot summer day, i invited tou to go swiming at my pool, as we were chilling at the pool it as is was getting hotter and hotter, at one point i began to sweat and my body began to shift ( rp)
It was a pretty sweet deal. The science department at my college wanted to see what would happen if a guy spent a semester as a girl and they offered me $50,000. But I still wonder why’d they pick me? Rp
As you lifted off of my cock, cum sticking to it and your mouth I felt your powers start to take affect again. My body thinned out, I lost some height, my features softened, and my cock grew bigger. At first I didn't know what was happening but you wanted me to be a hung femboy no matter what(rp)
When I was told this resort would change my life, I didn’t expect it to mean it so literally! Now I was stuck as this caramel skinned, fat assed woman! With no way to turn back to normal, I guess I got to find a way around my own ass… and the people who like to stare at it… (DM for RP)
"There's gotta be a better way to cover this up..." Robin said as he grabbed at his dumptruck ass. Him and Raven had exchanged minds in a magic accident and he was struggling to get used to it. Little did he know, the real Raven was watching him from the door... (RP?)
Can you really be mad at me? I needed a job, I ignored all the red flags and went in for the interview. How was I supposed to know the interviewer was a witch who loved tormenting me! She turned me into nothing but a masturbating mess for 3 hours. I only just got home, still stuck like this!
Man I love swapping with dancers. Their bodies are just tight! I can't believe how some people can be this slim and shapely. I always feel like I might snap in half with such a tiny waist, yet my hips can just smash! It's so much fun how you can feel: delicate flexible and powerful at the same time!
After the great shift everyone shifted into someone from their own family. My friend and i decided to check out our sisters bodies.
When I signed up for the swap clinic I only expected to trade a few traits, but I was shortly surprised when I had a large cash offer to swap bodies and jobs with a stranger. I agreed and my gf drove me to the clinic. I wonder what she'll say when she figures out I'm porn star Sarah Jay (rp)
"Look where you walk, you fat bitch!" Was that the right thing to say? No, but I had a bad day and wanted to relax with you. But it seems I bumped into the wrong woman, she straight up cursed us "Uhg men,You should try another point of view" she said looking curious for who was around(Rp)
"Come on Annie. We need to get moving or we'll be late." "Ok, just let me snap Kevin." I grimaced. Kevin was the asshole who turned my cute girlfriend into this blonde bimbo, who had no memory of me as I was before. As if that wasn't enough, he made me into her brunette BFF, who has to third wheel.
Your friend’s girlfriend asked you to swap for the weekend but you were promised to keep it a secret. When are you going to say something or do you think he already knows?
I can't believe this is really happening! When our kid's teacher swapped with me during the FOSE I thought our marriage was done for. I'm 6 years older and the opposite gender! But here we are in a hotel room and I can tell you like the dress I picked out for you...
"That's me." I was shocked when an unknown number sent me an erotic video. "I love him so much, and I'd do anything for him but I feel like I lost all my independence and agency. I just can't take it any more. I saw your *interests*... Maybe you'll deal better with being me..."
I admit it, we were saying some pretty chauvinistic things at that party. We were drunk, but that's no excuse. Still, I don't think it's fair that witch changed reality to put us on the women's swim team instead of the men's!
I can't believe it was five years ago that the doctor told me I was going through second puberty. It felt like a death sentence then. But believe me, girls! There is absolutely life after second puberty! You got this! AMA!
Ever since I got second puberty my life had changed especially my relationship with my brother! It’s been a few months now and to try to get me back into the world he took us both on a trip to this resort just the two of us, people her think we’re a couple but we’re just siblings (Dm to rp)
nobody would believe you when you swore this wasn’t your fault. you didn’t forcibly swap into anna, leaving her in your pudgy gross body. you didn’t even want to be a girl! with no idea how to get back and a whole lot of new attention on you, this wasn’t going to be easy RP
A week after an incident caused several people in my town to swap bodies randomly we were finally called to town hall to get fixed. I made my way up the stairs, tired of being this woman. Little did I know the announcement was actually going to be that there is no way to return to normal.
We were brothers with massive egos and we both had sexy girlfriends. Little did we know our girlfriends were witches and also kinky asf! They casted a spell so that they swapped bodies with us and here we are in their bodies sucking them off. Whoever cums first is the winner! (Rp wanted)
My girl broke up with me and I was pissed walking to my Uber “Hey you saggy titted bitch take me to this address” I wasn’t in the best mood, but neither was the driver after she cackled like a witch and threw goo at me, my body felt odd, I felt my chest swell up then drop low and deflate
Old role plays
[kik lastboi9] Turn me into any curvy slut, melt my mind with porn, train me to be a cock slut and I’m all yours daddy
After having a fight with my girlfriend during our vacation, she swapped our bodies. She said it's only for a day, but I woke up having a period, and now she can't swap us back until it passes. (Rp always open)
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
Recently I found a strange alien device capable of changing people's bodies and showed it to my mom. And when I left it for a while, she immediately decided to steal my body. She used the device on me and then broke it.(RP)
‘Dude you need to help me’ I pleaded while you were standing surprised in the doorway of your apartment. Your ex who you hadn’t seen in months appeared to be standing in her underwear. ‘I don’t know how I switched with her’ I said while you gave me a green sweater to cover myself up
Turns out that my bully had invented some mind control device and he intended to use it on me. Luckily I just happened to move out on that day, I just needed to make it through the day. (RP)
Skin suits of Celebs was a uncommon thing at this point in the world but I had managed to get one and with this suit I was scamming people and getting them to pay for selfies but when you a crazy fan saw me in disguise you decided to kidnap me and live out your fantasy
I mean I love looking all pretty and feminine. And, don't get me wrong, flexibility is huge deal for good sex. But, to have great sex, what most people overlook is endurance and sheer strength. Like yeah, you'll pound me hard in an odd position for about 5 min, but I'll ride you hard for hours! (2)
My mother is a beautiful Japanese model, when she was told that I was going to be a man she was very disappointed. I always dreamed of becoming a woman to make my mother proud, after a magical gender change I am going to walk on my first catwalk, my mother was so happy as she adjusted my bra. 🥰✨
A week ago I was a 44 year old successful business man and married farther of 2. That was until I accidnelty smashed the crystal ball of a gypsy lady at the fair. She cursed me and since then I've looked like this... I still don't know how I can explain this to my wife...
"It's so nice out!" I look around smiling brightly as i walk ahead of you. This was our first camping trip since I found out i was swapped at birth. I was in my 'rightful' body now but being a woman now took some getting used to. "So where should we park the RV?" (Dm to rp)
We were eating at a japanese restaurant when we were done eating we got a fortune cookie from the waitress, my cookie said that i would become beautifull one day, as we were driving i began to feel weird (RP)
I was on a trip and I hooked up with this girl. Afterwards she said she wants a relationship but I turned her down. It seems like she didn't take it too well, since she now swapped our bodies.(Rp always open)
Take a look at my old posts linked below, I am looking for people to replay them with if you are interested pm me or put a comment (Rp)
It was the last day of Swap Week, where the fraternities and sororities swap bodies, and some of houses were throwing parties. At Kappa Phi, there was a bikini themed party while Matt and Tim posed for a pic. They at least needed a non x-rated photo together to show their friends and family.
It wasn't until Jake met Alice at a support group for teens who shifted with their parents that he finally accepted being in her body, especially after it was announced the swaps were permanent.
(RP) When my best friend and I were visiting Kyiv, Ukraine during the Eastern Orthodox New Year, he woke up one morning as a beautiful Ukrainian lady. In light of Russia's impending invasion, we probably need to get married in order to safely and permanently get her out of this country...
I felt so weird, they said the FOSE was a one time thing and only a very small number of people were effected. But almost a year later I suddenly woke up in the body of my sister's roommate, apparently she had a massive crush on me and had just doomed us both to be stuck like each other forever!
It’s been a week since my swap clinic appointment with Claire, it’s hard now been a married mother of 3 yet I find myself happier then ever and tonight my husband is dropping the kids off for some us time, it’s time to see if I can get away with this (RP/DM/AMA)
Severance at the Swap Clinic - Part Two
I had been driving back home with my little brother when something strange started to happen. One of us had started hearing whispers in his head. The reason behind it, was that my bully created a device that allowed him to either possess or mind control anyone he wanted. (RP)
"Hell, this sucks" I though after finishing my sisters morning workout. Our mum had enough with us constantly fighting so she swapped our bodies until we learn our lesson, forcing to act each other daily routine. I already learned that the gym sucks for a girl, now I have to attend her classes (rp)
My witch of a neighbor turned me into her and took off with my body! I thought I would mind until I got a good look in the mirror. She was hotter than I remember. Her body feels so good. She has amazing assets. What am I gonna do trapped in her house? Maybe explore this amazing body some more.
All my sister ever wanted was a little sister to play with, dress up and do makeup on, somehow she convinced mom to drug me with an x-change so she could finally live out her dream, they’re both treating me like a girl!
My sister wanted to go to a party but had work so I agreed to swap bodies with her now I'm stuck at dunkin donuts for the rest of the night (rp wanted)
It had been two days since me and my sister had swapped bodies while she had gotten used to her new life I still couldn't stand being a female (rp always open)
Me and my girlfriend had a great idea we would swap bodies and I would tutor people since I was smarter then her. It was working a little to well as all the losers wanted to he tutor by a hot girl (rp wanted)
"It's not fair!" I yelled at my ex, who just stole my body. "You were the one who cheated, why are you doing this to me!? Did you reall think I'll stay with you after that?" (Rp always open)
Did she have a crush on me?
Constant fights with your girlfriend about money problems, you just needed some fresh air, you didn’t even notice you’ve been walking for hours through town, day went to night.. wishing your life was different.. before you could even blink you found yourself swapping bodies with the person near you!
"Not this spell either!" I said to my girlfriend. She got a new spell book for her birthday. She's new into this magic stuff, and she messed up, turning me into a woman. (Rp always open)
I was at college when my friend said she needed me to take an exam for her tomorrow by possessing her. I agreed and I possessed her that afternoon when she got home. I quickly realised how much bustier she was, how much bigger her butt was. It didn't take long before I started to fully explore her..
"Happy swappiversary handsome!" My wife and I traded bodies a year ago today. At first it was just to see what it was like for a weekend, but we both loved each other's bodies so much that swapping back just never happened. I hope she enjoys what she sees as much as I do!
(Rp post) I was running on the track at college when a pregnant girl ran right by me. My mind started to drift on how she could be so fast. After getting a good nights sleep, I felt a little heavy in my stomach. To my great shock, I saw that I was the girl that passed me.
While out hiking I found what looked like a strange rock buried inside of an old box. I didn't much know what to do with it, but the moment I touched it I suddenly found myself in the body of a female hiker further down the mountain, who was having some fun with her husband.
My gf
Listen just because you decided to give the possession ring to your mom for this trip doesn't mean I'm going to just let you run wild now, 19 or not, you screwed me so I'm going to make this trip hell for you. Each time your dad comes onto me is another day your stuck in the hotel room.
I am the evil Djin of the lamp, I have spent countless decades twisting the wishes of those who dare make a wish to me. Are any of you brave enough to make a wish? Be careful what you wish for hehe!
The Indian exchange student was going to have to leave for her home country. It was sad to see her go but she wanted to see me a few days before she left. She cast a spell which switched our bodies leaving me in her hot body. I was deeply upset till she came over to see me in my body… (rp wanted)
Only twenty minutes until the exchange becomes permanent, and I'm still waiting for my daughter-in-law to return with my body. I'm getting antsy. Today has been amazing but no way am I willing to become her forever
After an incident with the local lab turned me into a woman, my best friend couldn't stop calling me and trying to trick me to do things to turn him on. Today in FaceTime he tried to get me to put my elbows together, but I was wise to his games, he seemed upset that I "didn't do it right"
Don't I overcomplicate things just to please men? Some people have asked and the answer is no. Well, I mean, I want cock but just not any cock: I want a cute and long confident uncut cock that knows how to fuck me senseless and men just can't resist women that are enthusiastic about their dicks! (3)
I groaned as I pulled up my short shorts and felt the fabric press tightly against my chubby pussy. I has volunteered for a year long swap class thinking I'd get to be some hunk of a guy, not a fat girl. For the next 364 days I'm stuck as her(rp)
Ever since you got hit by the gender flu it's been hard to pay attention when you're talking to me. But considering the tops you've started wearing... is that on purpose? (RP)
My mother is very conservative, Shes even against porn, so when I left my laptop open with a busty brunette stripping she snapped. She slipped something in my drink and turned me into “one of those whores you like looking at”
"Do you really think you'd get away with this? Kate will notice immediately that I'm not me!" I yelled at my ex, who got mad at me and swapped our bodies. (Rp always open)
Liam, Mark, and David were students looking for a house. They found one for cheap when a woman said she was selling because she lives there alone since her daughters moved away. As she hands them the keys and leaves, they hear her mutter. “It’s not like it would happen to them too, right?” (RP)
A free vacation for a month in a penthouse suite right in the center of Florida's best nightlife and beaches? How could I have said no! I just don't know why you made the only stipulation be that I swap with my stepsister...
We were eating at a japanese restaurant when we were done eating we got a fortune cookie from the waitress, my fortune cookie said that i would become beautifull , as we were driving home i began to feel weird (RP)
"Alright, you won, i'm a dinner lady... now will you go buy me some clothes? I'm all out for cash". We had a bet to see who could get the better score on our english test, you won and turned me into rose, your dinner lady and secret girlfriend. "Meet me after school...?" (RP)
"H-Hi!" I said excited, to my girlfriend. Ever since ye great shift hit, we landed into the other gender, and I was thousands miles away from her. Today was the first time we met after some time. (Rp always open)
I was jealous of my sister and all of her friends. All my girl friends too actually. It seems like every female I know has life so easy compared to me. That’s not fair. “I wish for the next six months I get to be female. But no periods!” I say quickly as I toss a coin into a ‘magic’ fountain. (RP)
"You see, even now I don't enjoy shopping!" I said to my sister. This morning she argued that I only didn't like going shopping with her cause I was a man and to prove it she swapped our bodies. I'm still bored as hell while she forces me to try on things she want to buy for herself (rp)
"Now that your parents are gone for the weekend, shall we have our own fun?" Mike and his gf Amy thought it would be thoughtful to have her parents swap with them for a second honeymoon. But the clinic accidentally swapped Amy with her dad, and Mike with her mother, rather than the other way around.
"There's just no way I'm giving this up, sorry babes." Your girlfriend and I found out we could switch bodies with eachother some how... but after a few days as her... I'm stealing her body. There's just no way I can give it back, being her feels too fucking good...
Before I even realized I was in my mother's body, the stranger started pressing something on the device on his arm again, and then he suddenly disappeared, just as he had appeared, leaving me in my own mom's body.(RP)
I was just a normal guy. While searching for some porn to wack off to, I had thought how fun it would be to be a girl, and of a different race. Before I knew it, I ended up swapping in an ebony girls body, unsure of what I should do. (Rp, MTF 4 A)
"Look I can tell youre staring" I said to my fiance. "When you swapped our genders did you think you'd be that into my ass? I mean it's not even attractive it's fat" I said looking at it while also admiring the erection in her pants. "When will you swap us back our wedding in is a couple weeks"(rp)
I recently went through my second puberty. I wasn’t comfortable in my new body but you, my bestfriend, got me to go to the pool. I sat in the pool side chair nervously, my arms around my chest. Trying to cover my breasts. (Rp)
After the great shift your best friend (Me)got turned into (choose one of the people below, you can also change to any celeb doesn’t have to be one of the below or stay as yourself) after few weeks of trying out the bodies. You get too desperate and decide too overpower me and use me how you wish.
Alternate Lives - Part Three
[F4A playing F] teach me to be a girl when I was turned into one (roleplay)
Stealing Bri Larsons body to get into Disneyland was a bad idea. Her boy toy keeps getting hanzi and want to go home for fun
I hate living next to a secret government lab. One thing goes wrong and the entire town switches gender… they have no intention on fixing it and would rather observe us. I decided to send a selfie to my girlfriend… or boyfriend now? (RP)
Alternate Lives - Part Two
My friend was magical, she told me if I ever wanted to swap bodies with her I need to just go home and say a phrase. One lonely night I finally built up the courage to say the phrase, but instead of being in her, I became her sister in the middle of sex! I felt my body melt with pleasure immediately
I couldn't help but smile, even though I was deeply freaking out. After an incident with my father's new device, I found myself in my neighbor's mom's body, a thick single mother who I knew my dad had a crush on. But she didn't seem to want to swap back when I contacted her. What am I gonna do??
I was being interviewed about what it’s like about being Brie Larson (I got shifted last year) and the interview seems to be flirting with me and his buldge in his pants is growing
I was at my buddies apartment and saw he had a weird drink in his fridge. I wasn't sure what it was but I was thirsty and I drank it. Whatever it was it was strong because I fell asleep. I woke up a few hours later and I can't explain it but I feel different...
Two of my female classmates didn't approve of my proposition for their new uniforms although I argued they didn't reveal anything. Knowing that the girls wouldn't outvote the boys, they both dressed as proposed and then force swapped me with one of them so that I would see their perspective (rp)
You and I had been investigating the recent activity of a local crime family before sudden I was kidnapped. A year later you were invited to the family’s HQ with the promise of finding me only to see this beautiful woman walking over to greet you. (RP)
“Don’t worry, man.” My best friend Alex motioned around as we ordered another round. “The Shift messed up everyone just as bad as us.” He smirks with his girlfriend’s face.
I was making fun of this alt girl when she threatened me with some 'Wiccan ritual' bullshit. I don't know what she was expecting; if you ask me, dressing like an egirl gets you treated like one. But I hope no one else has that philosophy, because now I'm in her body after she swapped us for revenge!
My girlfriend swore eternal love to me since high school, a month ago I suffered an accident and a lady bored with her life decided to give me her body,after the change I went to my girlfriend's house, I was very excited to see her, but she don't like see me in this body of a beautiful busty woman😕✨
Maria had always been teased for being lanky and skinny, Whereas Tomi was bullied for the opposite. One day, the two girls came to an agreement: that they would try each other's bodies, and that if they preferred it this way, this way it would stay. In the end it was Tomi's ass that sealed the deal!
My daughter and her boyfriend rented a cabin in the mountains for a week. She hated it and begged me to do a remote swap so she could spend some time in the warmth on the couch. I have no idea what her problem was, I've never had more fun!
You and i were adventurers. We went to a magical cave to look for a priceless rock that could be sold for billions. But when you and i touched the rock, it turned into dust and we swapped genitals right then and there. “Oh no what did you do?” I asked feeling my dick changing into a pussy (rp)
Something was different about your girlfriend since you went out to watch that meteor shower... she seems strange a distant, hell you haven't shared a bed in weeks and you've got her speaking in some strange language at night while talking to herself.
The witch said she was going to curse you by turning you into a toy, you expected she meant a doll or maybe a nutcracker. If was quite a shock when you turned out to be a life-sized fuckdoll. (RP)
"Swapmanji!" My brother and I found this weird board game in our attic and started playing. He drew a card, "Role Exchange?" His whole body changed as he gained our slutty neighbor's head, his girlfriend's tits, and a runner's body. One more turn in, he lost his IQ too. Looks like I won the game!
"Swapmanji!" "A game for those who seek to leave their world behind." You find this strange board game and decide to play it with your friends. What "trick cards" do you find along the way? Do you all survive? Or does someone "win" in the end? To all who played, tell us what happened!
The one time i try and RP...
After an accident in swap class it left everyone stuck in their new bodies. Both of us had swapped with popular girls. While meeting up after knowing these would be our permanent bodies you had still not embraced your girly side and dressed as a tomboy. You were shocked to see me doing the opposite.
I asked you to go with me to this spa my ex girlfriend had coupons for not wanting them to go to waist. I didn’t know it was a woman’s only spa. (Rp)
You had warned me not to get mixed up with the cult but I didn’t listen. After a while I’d decided to meet up with you to discuss what happened, but I did look a bit different. (RP)
My fiance found out about this transformation kink of mine, and offered to turn me into her horse for a bit. Now I'm her filly, and she really loves to use the reality-altering magic to gaslight me more and more into the horse I appear to be. (RP welcome, see prompt in comments)
"Okay this new, but my girlfriend told me that she want to experiment and I thought it would be something normal, but now we are choosing an female body for each other so she can have an lesbo experience"
Oh how wonderful it is to start the day nude! Especially when it’s as the beautiful Nelson high principal! After the Great Shift put me in her body and she never showed to claim it, I took her identity for myself. No one, not even my old friends, and now students suspect anything.
My brother and I had somehow both managed to get caught up in the FOSE. He got his girlfriend’s body. And I got my cute neighbor’s body. We haven’t let it stop us from taking our annual road trip. We’re still gonna have a wild time even if it’s a more of a girl’s trip now.
“Babe I miss my body will you please come home soon so we can switch back?” I texted my gf who was in my body while she went out of town to do something for her job. What I didn’t realize is earlier that day she had hit her head and got amnesia no one else knows we swapped
“How could you have broken the remote did you forget we were swapped honey?” Me and my wife swapped bodies to get something different in life, but one night we might have gotten a little too sexual and knocked over the remote breaking it on the floor, to make matters worse “I’m pregnant, surprise!!”
my sister was always very manly, she always told me that she would be a better man than me,so one day I bet with her to see who was more manly,if she won she would keep my body,if I won she was going to let me fuck her, now she is on my body and I am accepting my new role as a busty sister😓
I was really only friends with girls, yet when prom came around they found out I wasn’t going “cmon Andy it’ll be fun so what if you don’t have a girl to take go with us” I kept refusing, I think they took it a little too far turning me into a girl and shoving me into a black dress
The doctors told me I’d be better buying a new body than getting my current one fixed. After browsing three the available bodies I chose this one. After the swap me and my friends went out to celebrate, after a few drinks my one friend got a bit touchy. Btw I was a male before the swap
My fiances little sister was a bit of a wild one. I'd never thought she'd ask me to do month-long Life Swap, though. She'd be her own sisters fiance! I agreed, to get to see my fiance from a different perspective. But I did. I'm her, pregnancy and dominant boyfriend and all, for the next month (AMA)
"You have to help me! Autumn somehow stole my body and then left the sorority formal with Kayla! You're her roommate, right? Where could they have gone?"
My family had done a ‘family body swap.’ My dad swapped with my sister and I swapped with mom. Me and Dad were alone and we got carried away that was until my sister walked in and saw us. I guess she wanted to get involved too and me and dad were loving it. Maybe periods won’t be so bad. (Rp wanted)
I should have suspected something when you gave me a necklace and told me to give it to my girlfriend. The second she put it on she became vulnerable to being possessed by you! (RP)
“Well, what do ya think? I could’ve gone without the tats, but for the price she was asking I couldn’t say no!” You were my best friend, so of course I told you when I decided I wanted to go to the Swap Clinic. I just left out one tiny detail… I’d be coming back as a girl!
Switching into Ariana's body was a real low point in my life. Being back in my rightful body after 20 years as a guy I felt so...small. Then one day Nicki Minaj came over and suggested I get a boobjob, I went from hating my body to loving my new tits. I love sharing them with my new celeb GF (RP)
My workmate and i had swapped bodies. Whilst she was going to work in my body, i was ringing in ‘sick’ but i was actually out living life as a woman. One day I was stood on the street corner and she saw me in her body. She walked over to me and confronted me. I let her take her anger out on me…(rp)
“Hey man, who’s that hot chick in the yellow bikini in the vacation photos your mom posted on Facebook? A cousin or something? Can I have her number? She’s smoking hot!” (RP)
"Why do you always turn me into a freaking chick when you need a date!? Can't you just get an actual girlfriend?" I shouted at my roommate. I've grown to think he has a crush on the female version of me. (Rp always open)
Hmu for snap method 📲 I pyo
I lost a bet with a witch, as punishment she told me that she would give me two huge problems when I woke up, the next day I woke up as a woman and discovered that those two problems were two huge boobs, now my mother lent me her clothes, although I think that does not fit😫
The Auto-Closet - Part Six
"Hey dude how do i get this off? I tried it on out of curiosity and it isnt coming off" I messaged you with a picture of me in one of your ex's skinsuits which you had left at my apartment after you both broke up and you moved out and i cant get it off by myself so i"ve ended up stuck as a girl(Rp)
This was never a position I had expected to end up in. About to wed my former friend - as his bride. When me and his fiancè had swapped bodies a few weeks ago, it was only supposed to last the day. But it turned out, the spell only works at full moon. I both fear and look forward to *after*... (AMA)
“every test from now your score will reflect who we turn you into, high grade and you’ll be a beautiful woman, low score and prepare to lose some brain cells” after the test everyone fell to the floor and I awoke and to a set of breasts as my head filled with countless thoughts of cock
While I’m on vacation, I love to put my sexiest bodysuit on and sneak into random peoples hotel rooms. What would you do if you saw me in yours?
Just because I got swapped with my sister doesn’t mean I don’t still like to go hunting with the guys. They seem to really enjoy having her - I mean, me, around.
My parents told me that without a college degree I will always be a loser and poor all my life but after buying a book of spells my life changed completely, now I am at their house to show them that their new daughter is a millonarie porn star,they don't like me but I don't care, I love my new body😚
I feel for this guy, I really do. I used to be his wife’s personal trainer until one day she stole my body and ran off. I didn’t have the heart to tell my new husband what happened so I assumed her life. Thankful when I feel down I know I have his cock to make everything feel better.
I was 18 and my friends and I were trying to buy beer. The solution was that one of our friends was a "witch" so we were gonna use a spell to make the store owner think we were older but to our horrors it just turned us into our moms. Now I'm stuck as a 40 year old woman.
You’ve gotten a second chance at life. Which body is your soul possessing for good?
I groan as my mother walks out with her hair in a tight bun. “Mom, I would never wear that.” I whine. “Well, I would. And for your information, people like the new you!” She snaps.
Of all the awkward places to be when the Great Shift hit! I’d been wandering the halls of an anime convention when I found myself in full cosplay, and a new body to match! With no ID and no idea where this girl is staying, all I can do is stay put and hope someone at the con can help me out...
I swapped bodies with my older sister because she was being a bitch to me. I guess the male hormones were too much for her cos i could hear her jerking off next door… so i sent her this snap…(rp wanted)
A few months after breaking up with my girlfriend, I found her in my apartment. She said some strange words, and now I'm her. "A-Anna? What did you do!?" (Rp always open.)
"Gosh, babe, I love you so much!" she says, smiling at me. "Oh, babe, you can't even fathom how much I love you" I say from her boyfriend's body, a wicked grin forming on my lips. She's been my crush for years, friendzoned me, but now she's mine... and has no idea!
Things have been weird since my brother and I moved in with our aunt this summer. We wake up every morning with us and our things a little more feminine. Rp
Julia is a good church girl and daughter of the pastor… at least until I swapped our bodies. The new Julia likes to party and show off quite a bit more to the dismay of ‘my’ new father. But what can I say, there was always a little devil in this cute angel!
Julia always was a good church girl and daughter of the pastor… at least until I swapped our bodies. The new Julia likes to party and show off quite a bit more much to the dismay of ‘my’ new father. But what can I say, there is now a little devil in this cute angle calling the shots!
“Do you get a lot of attention from men” a member of the audience shouted out. A year ago i got shifted into bries body, I started a talk show where I interview other swapped celebs, during my opening monologue this guy in the audience shouted a question at me. My response “yes”
After my mother and I got into that argument She said she was sending me out to spend the summer with my father. But when I woke up with a a new fat ass and massive implants in my chest I knew I had fucked up. I hope my dad tries to help me fix this.
My best friend Izzy was a lesbian, but her conservative parents were always a problem. When she confessed her crush for my girlfriend, and asked to swap bodies, I refused. The next morning I woke up in her body, with the video message "Practicing for tonight"
These pictures were taken two months apart. I’ve been listening to the recordings you sent me every day but I don’t know what they are. (RP)
My buddy's wife had been flirting with me. When she said she wanted a threesome with two chicks, I thought I'd hit the jackpot. That was until the pill she gave me turned my into one of the girls, and she spent the whole time shoving his dick down my throat while they made out. (RP)
My parents told me that without a college degree I will always be a loser and poor all my life but after buying a book of spells my life changed completely, now I am at their house to show them that their new daughter is a millonarie star porn,they don't like me but I don't care, I love my new body😚
I hate living next to a secret government lab. One thing goes wrong and the entire town switches gender… they have no intention on fixing it and would rather observe us. I decided to send a selfie to my girlfriend… or boyfriend now? (RP)
I loved wearing my bodysuit to the beach to play volleyball and tease guys! Only problem is the sand, it gets everywhere, even inside my suit!
Miranda didn’t know what was going on. She knew that her breast were much bigger, and she loved them, but didn’t know why. Her friend Carl , who was in love with her, became a slime and entered her, being stored in her tits. Now, he’s slowly influencing her to be his horny little play toy
My pervy driving instructor made me drive out to some tiny town and pull over....I knew I was in trouble but I didn't expect him to steal my fucking body!
I didn’t understand why my wife wanted to go to marriage counseling, we haven’t even been married a year and I thought our relationship was going fine. Now I can’t believe what I’m hearing. This lady wants us to swap bodies to better understand each other. “That can’t be possible.” Rp
When I told my “friends” at the frat that I wasn’t going to be joining despite the offer. They said it was fine. People drop all the time. But when I woke up with tits and a new fat ass I don’t think they took it that well. I just hope the super bowl party doesn’t get too crazy!
After a few comments I may or may not have made over the years as CEO of this company, my actions had caught up with me in ways I never saw coming. The shift had placed me in the body of my rival's daughter, she continued on running my company before selling it for cheap to her dad.
I'd always envied Stacy for her drop-dead gorgeousness, always getting the men instead of me. All that was going to change, cause I was gonna take her body. I woke up as her, with a dick in me so big my eyes rolled back. The catches I was going to get in her body!
"You cant leave me like this my friends are coming over soon. They cant see me like this. Please untie me so i can be a guy again" i begged as i laid on the bed helplessly. I was in debt with my bookie and as punsihment i was bound and turned into a girl before my friends come for football final(Rp)
One second I'm jerking off, thinking about my ex on her wedding day. She cheated on me with my best friend and now they were getting married. The next second, I can't breath. I lean up and a thick cock slides out of my throat. I look up and it's my asshole boss smirking down at me. (RP)
My fiance found out about this transformation kink of mine, and offered to turn me into her horse for a bit. Now I'm her filly, and she really loves to use the reality-altering magic to gaslight me more and more into the horse I appear to be. (RP welcome, see prompt in comments)
"You said you needed a date right?" I message you, giggling to myself, "Popped an X-change, I'll be over in 10, unless you wanna come pick me up?" Secretly... I'd had a crush on you for a while now, and when you said you needed a date to an event... I knew turning female was a good choice.
The Swap Clinic Pricing Sheet - Results
I had the “luck” of running into a witch when I was in a hurry. Now I am cursed to be a woman forever! Everyone I know remembers me as “Dafne”. I don’t know what to do! (RP)
"Dude come untie me before my sister gets back" i begged as i laid bound on the bed. My sister was pissed at me for impregnating her best friend and not taking responsibility so she gave me a genderswap pill and bound me whilst she went to swap with my friend so she could do the same to me (Rp)
The slutty goth chick demanded I use my swapping powers to ace her math final. She said she'd make it 'worth my time', so I obliged. Well, when I got out from the exam, she was nowhere in sight... Oh fuck, are those my friends coming this way? Why do I feel weird inside...?
We have been best friends since forever ago. Recently, you confessed your love to me. But i pushed you away. So you decide to possess my mom’s body to get me to fall in love with you. I was in my room, not knowing what you did (rp)
I had to repay my debt somehow to the guy who tutored me... and he thought up a way. He swapped me with Jillian, the prettiest girl in the school and had me do some cosplay stuff for him. Now I had to spend the day on a date with him in this stupid cosplay!
“WAIT NO!” Jill shouted at me but too late. I regained consciousness lying against cold stone. the machine I was helping her tinker had exploded, my vision slowly came back to me, the first thing I could make out was myself?! Myself and The tips of Jill’s huge tits taking up the bottom of my vision.
Wow that was weird, it felt like someone was playing with my ass in my dream, wait why is it still going!!?! IM AWAKE AND HES FUCKING ME. How am i in a girls body??? oh my god, why does it feel so good
"P-Permanent?" I asked the sorcerer whom I come to for help. It seems that a curse had oeen placed on me, turning me into a female, but I have no idea who did this, or how to regerse it. It seems I cannot. (Rp always open)
“ugh this is so boring! how’s this?” you and your sister had your bodies swapped, and now she was making you do things she usually did…like send pictures to her boyfriend. you’d never admit it, but you were starting to enjoy it. she DID have a pretty great body! RP
The facility promised a new life but when I entered it it was just some long hallway with a series of lights throughout. I begrudgingly walked through, not noticing that every step I took changed me. As I made it halfway through I looked down, my eyes widening as I realized the effects!
My friend and I had both been challenged by our girlfriends. The challenge was that we had to spend a day in their bodies without getting horny so we know how they felt when we didn’t fuck them. I guess we failed cos here we all are whilst the girls race each other on who cums first. (Rp wanted)
My sister gave me $200 to be her Guinea pig for her college beauty class. Before we start I thought I felt her stick a needle in my arm, well 3 hours later I look like this and she just offered another $100 to spend the day with her and her friends. I hope nobody I know sees me. Rp
Never wish to be a Superhero... And if you do try to be specific... Cause now I'm stuck on some island full of Lesbians with a skirt way too short with no combat knowledge or even princess knowledge... This sucks.. That redhead named Artemis is cute though... (RP)
My fiance found out about this transformation kink of mine, and offered to turn me into her horse for a bit. Now I'm her filly, and she really loves to use the reality-altering magic to gaslight me more and more into the horse I appear to be. (RP welcome, see prompt in comments)
Swapping into a sexy celebrity with a great singing voice was a good move on your part. Being stuck in a wheelchair may take some getting used to though. (RP)
My sister thought she was punishing me when she changed reality to make me her sister instead of her brother. Instead of being at my birthday party, reality shifted so I am at a my own baby shower! My sister keeps wanting to pose with me...and my friend Greg keeps making flirting with me!
Which 2 would we possess if he had the ability to do so and get naughty with each other?
After the great shift I turned into Ariana grande so I was treated differently by everyone in college. but now my bully wants to fuck me I’m usually successful on avoiding him but now he has caught me and took me to his house on forced me down on my knees waiting for his throbbing cock
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
When a chemical plant explosion spread industrial estrogen over the eastern seaboard, I got my wife and sons and fled west. Among millions of other refugees, we were desperate, but a nephew in California agreed to take us in. I doubt if his intentions are noble, but what other option do we have?
So far, everything thing about my new body seemed perfect. The swap clinic had really gotten me a good deal! Then you texted me... and I realized the old owner hadn't told me she was a Sugar baby... and she clearly hadn't told YOU she was swapping... god I hope I can convince my new Sugar Daddy...
Derek was such a fool if he thought I was going to do the exam for him in his body. I spent the whole run-up relaxing, and didn't even show up for the exam itself. I just stood there, playing with his fat juicy cock, each of its rushes of pleasure my own.
After Season 5 of SWTS ended with a whopping 8 pregnancies, 3 boobjobs &amp; Ariana Grande's body being used to film porn with Lena Paul, regulations were added that required people to let celebs set rules about their bodies. That didn't stop me getting absolutely pounded &amp; bred in Dove's body(RP)
“Thanks for the clothes sis!” I looked at you and smiled. Since my second puberty has made me and my twin sister the same size I don’t have to buy a complete new wardrobe
“THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! You’re the best sister ever!” My sister discovered my secret of wanting to be girly for a day and she went all out on my transformation!
"What the hell?" I gasped as I saw the finishing touches to my bodily change. I didn't realize I accidentally picked up a bra at the laundromat the night before, and as I slept it magically appeared on me, applying it's curse, and turning me into this chubby red haired woman.
While doing laundry at a local laundromat I failed to notice a big red bra sneak just way into my clothes. While at home I suddenly woke up from a nap, to find it on my body, right as it morphed me into this chubby red head you see before you!
Being paired with Mana for swap class was like a dream come true. I'd constantly imagined her naked ever since I first saw her; now I would have 24/7 access! She caught me in a side room feeling up her breasts, but instead of getting angry, she ate her own pussy out in my body!
“it was a tragedy that your girlfriend didn’t dress like this before i got here! i mean look at HER—ME!” an evil spirit possessed your lovely girlfriend, and is quickly turning her life upside down! and all you can do is watch it happen…(RP)
My flight flew through some sort of strange electromagnetic storm. Thankfully the pilots were shielded, but everyone else on the plane randomly swapped bodies! Most were panicked... but I immediately had to start exploring my new body!
Who wants to do a roleplay where I turn you into billie and we end up a couple?
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
Even after working on the island for a couple of months, you could always tell which women used to be men. They seem to act a bit more slutier than most.
I was the most muscular man on campus. That was until my ex wanted to get revenge for breaking up with her and had a spell on me, turning me into a woman. "Kate! What did you do!?" (Rp always open.)
You and i are dating. You got a pill to grow a cock. You had the whole day to get used to your cock. The next day, you and i went to the mall. You were excited to tell me what you did since i didn’t know yet. (Rp detailed)
Seriously, this isn't funny. Swap me back to my old body right now! What are my parents going to think? ... Y-You think I look cute when I'm pouty? Aw-- I mean, fuck off, man! It's not even my body...
First pic was from the ad she posted asking for a 6 month swap vacation. She isn’t happy about the extra 70 pounds and is threatening to make me keep her body.
I run the fitness center at my local swap clinic. These are five of my current members. They all used to be males but are now in these bodies. Let me know which one you want to know more about and I’ll tell you about their old life and their new one.
We had a bet where the loser had to wear a suit of the other’s crush. I had lost and we went on a ‘date’ to the arcade. ‘You might have won the bet but you’re not winning today’ I said with a wink
My wife was enjoying our honeymoon... but I was enjoying my new bodysuit! I’m excited to see how she wants to consummate our marriage...
"Bad Water!" I work at a high class natural spa and resort, but it has a secret. The water here loosens the soul from your body, letting it just fall out. These babes were caught off guard as their souls went down the drain. Any takers?
Infatuated with this bartender. One night, she gave me a special drink, and now I have all the guys staring at me.
"I'm home! It fucking sucked but I'm back where I belong!" When the FOSE hit, I became a vlogger, making videos about being a girl and how to deal with it all... Unlike most other FOSE victims, I wasn't called a pervert... I was praised!
My sisters best friend got cold feet right before her wedding. I guess she thought he best option was to turn me into a copy of her to not hurt her fiancé’s feelings. Now I’m here getting ready with her bridesmaids. I can’t hold it in anymore I gotta tell someone! Rp
I really do like this one... Not as skinny as the last one though. And I did say I wanted a blonde initially. Will a chest this big get annoying? Oh who am I kidding! I love the way they look in this top. OK. I'm decided. I want to be Haley! Where do I sign? And who do I sign as? Mark or Haley?
After mind-switching technology became available, people started trading bodies crazily. Pornhub was now full of swapping content. While I searched for some wank material on the site, I wondered if I could convince the hot girl next door to change bodies for a day.
I'm really not enjoying this... How did I even end up in a womans body? Something isnt right! DM me who I turn in to
Does anyone want to try on our sisters clothes and maybe go shopping and inspect our new bodies, (super cute girly clothes only as photos)
Today I will have a math test but I forgot to study, in the morning I begged my mom to switch bodies with my aunt because she was so smart, my mom and aunt said yes so while my aunt does my test , I'm locked in my room playing with my aunt's boobs and bra, I mean, with my boobs and my bra✨👙✨
I was some idiot bellboy in this ultra-expensive hotel. Every day I would envy the wealth and beauty of the guests, until one day I found this swap totem in the basement. I used it to take the body of this guest here. I was impossibly horny just looking at her (-my) body (now).
My girlfriend is polite and smart, but you took over her body and decided to change her life completely (RP wanted)
I used to a rich guy, living the good life off of my parents money. But they were unhappy with how ungrateful I was... so they forcefully sent me to the swap clinic, had me turned female and then cut communication with me... now I was a personal trainer, and a girl!
"N-no dude d-don't c-cum! Ahh...!" I cried out before my best friend emptied his baby gravy inside me, leaving me speechless and sealed inside my nerdy classmates body. I'd agreed to have sex with him because he was lonely, it seems he wanted a full relationship! (RP?)
"Don't give me that look Sarah." Mike told his sister. "You told me not to leave the house or get into trouble while dad fixes his machine. So here I am relaxing and getting my tan on."
You find a picture of a petite 18 year old girl in a magazine in 1995, you begin to masturbste to her picture and after a few minutes orgasm and pass out.....when you come to, you see you're in the body of a chubby 50 year old woman... The same girl on the magazine in present day
Things have been interesting for us since the FOSE put me in the body of a mutual friend’s mother. We hadn’t meant to, but we’d fallen in love in the months since and started secretly dating. I particularly loved our boat trips where I was free to show off my beautiful mature body.
After a public outcry about private body collections, collectors must prove the bodies they own are in use for something, not just acting as a tax haven. Each of dad's two dozen vessels now needs to serve a purpose each week - pleasure, typically, or breeding - or be surrendered to the authorities
u/Callista3 just ran off with my body to do God knows what. Last thing I heard she was going to visit the men's locker room... meanwhile she left me stuck looking at this, not even covering it up slightly!
A new dangerous hack was going around - apparently some MMO players were being affected by a a sort of real life hack, and just by playing the game someone could take over your body. What bullshit! At least, I thought it was until a cool chill came over me! Someone hacked me! I can’t stop them! (RP)
"I thought turning into a girl was hard enough. Now I have to deal with my tits constantly growing!" I stand up to show you. (RP)
Are you fucking kidding me?! How the hell am I meant to live my life with these goddamn things? I did everything right! I didn't even leave the house! It was bad enough swapping ages with my son and genders with my neighbor but at least I had the fitness of that jogger. Who the hell gave me these?!
I drank my roommates alcohol... but now all of a sudden I'm his cute nerdy sister! What am I gonna do with this body... (dm for rp)
I went to a party with a group of friends, but was pulled to the side by this gorgeous woman in a red dress. She seemed annoyed as she frantically told me she was tired of it and snapped. In a flash I had become her, magical powers and all, with a biting desire to use them on anyone and everything.
I've been stuck on earth for a while now, i only recently escaped my captivity and fount you, i was going to use you as a host but you offerd me better a solution. Who did you pick for me? (RP)
You were my rival. Last week you tried to get me fired, so from now On you're my bimbo secretary. And I have a task for you already...
After your soul left your body, it floated around for a while before you found these new bodies to choose from. Who do you become forever?
I'd love to hear about your most recent/favorite experience at the clinic, chat or comment below! Mine is how comfortable I am now being naked. Like, I don't feel exposed anymore. Sure, my boobs are THERE swaying ALL the time. But, unlike before, my crotch feels so padded, sturdy and resilient. IDK!
I received a spam email for a test to see if your more masculine or feminine. For the fun of it I decided to take the test. After it said I was 89% feminine, then a bright flash from the screen I felt myself change and the room around me. Then it hacked my computer sending it to my 5 friends. Rp
My sister wanted to go on a trip the same weekend you was coming over to stay. My mom refused to let her go. I swear I didn’t know she planned to make you a copy of her man. I don’t even know how she did it. Rp
Anyone like to possess either Margot or Anne and completely rock my boyfriend's world sexually for me? (Roleplay)
[RP] [M4A] Late at night, when you were at a bar, in a convention, you had accidentally stumbled into a furry, and made a mess of their suit with a drink "Watch where you're going! Y'know how expensive this suit is?" The next morning, you found yourself in a different bedroom, body and not yourself!
Free bodys
My basketball season was over after my injury during practice, but Coach came to me with a crazy idea to keep the team’s morale up while my knee healed. With this suit, I could become an adorable cheerleader! It’s kind of fun... I think I might like it more than playing basketball!
Aladdin should've worded his wish better. "I wish to be Royal" just left too much room for interpretations. At least he found a quick way inside the princess' panties, so it wasn't a complete waste.
My Secretary was some Asian Bimbo. Her primary concern was never helping me, but always making her body look nice. In the end of course that all payed off, after I got her gorgeous body in the swap wave. Maybe I should thank her by fucking her in my old body, to give a last look at these curves
"I know you're nervous, but we have to try some time." Since the swap hit, we hadn't yet had tried sex with in new bodies, those of the couple next door. But my wife was prettier now, a lot prettier. Watching her play with those toys was just too tempting. I had to ram the real thing up her.
Wait until my roommate sees this! It had been a few weeks since the FOSE had put me in the body of our cute neighbor and the sexual tension had been off the charts between us. It was just a matter of who would jump first. I got tired of waiting and decided to surprise him with a sexy bath.
My dad was spending so much time writing his manuscript that he’d completely neglected me, his son! So I suited up in this sexy bodysuit to get his attention. Maybe now I’ll get the love I deserve!
“Hey. Wake up, hon.” I woke up to my own face, speaking in my neighbor’s chirpy accent. “It didn’t work. The machine is still broken.” I sit up in horror. “Don’t worry, we’ll try again after you get back from that vacation my husband and I had planned.” She says cheerfully.
As a guy I hardly ever got laid. But as a girl on x-change, I get sex so easily, of course that also means ACCEPTING being the one on my back for sex... penetrated, fucked, cummed in.
This wasn’t what I expected. You and I apparently had some dormant magic powers and were brought to an academy to learn! When your powers were activated you became stronger, better looking! I just turned into a witch… and we’re roommates now. This should be fun. Not. (RP)
A crazy scientist broke into your house, knocked out your loved ones including your father and brothers.. he’s now forcing you to use his latest body swap device on your family and friends, warning you that everyone must be swapped including yourself for his research or else you’ll be stuck forever.
My dad recently went through his second puberty. But the changes made him younger than he was. Him and I are around the same age. I stayed at home to help him out, not knowing his new feelings for me. I went to take a shower and saw my dad’s door open. My eyes widen and i blushed seeing his new body
My 1st wank on an AIRPLANE BATHROOM (I almost passed out from the orgasm at that altitude :))
"Please I'll come up with the money. Just give me a week. " I begged. My landlord decided to change me into a busty woman to use to pay rent with my body. Help he's got a huge BBC (AMA/rp)
Oh, no! we swapped bodies with each other and It's permanent. Let's talk about our new bodies and lives in chat. (irtr)
My master said i should do yoga , I love to do it naked in sun
On my eighteenth birthday my familys curse kicked in over night, the next morning I joined the rest of the females in my family with my own set of heavy chest weights to complain about, I even turned out to be bigger then my sister, shes now taking me bra shopping but I dont think they have my size”
I looked around in shock. I was in my bedroom, now I'm in the wilderness in a woman's body. A very sexy body, I think
When my father sent me out to help my uncle out on the family farm I assumed he meant with the crops or something not being put into a damn bodysuit. I just hope he doesn’t expect to send me out to help with the horses!
"Shhhh" I whisper, pressing your hand into my tit. I had just possessed your Dom like you asked me to, all I need to do is use this key to remove the cock cage she put on you
“Hey buddy, going out for a jog! Gotta keep this body tight in case somebody figures out how to reverse this FOSE thing. See you in a bit!” Life has been pretty weird ever since my dad swapped with my wife during the FOSE. The craziest part is I’m still not sure who initiated it.
As a virgin, I knew I was gonna blow my first hookup with a girl I picked up at a bar. And I certainly did. But I didn't expect her to then swap us so that I could 'learn how to pleasure a woman'!
You were the last one to go. All the other guys in your unit already got reassigned. "just short of the minimum," one says and the others giggle. "Looks like you're going to the Mother Corp too." (RP)
As a British uni student, I'd never had the chance to visit the States and fantasised about "Greek life". The Swapping Abroad programme looked promising but I didn't expect my application would be accepted by a female cheerleader! My sorority sisters seem to like Madison's new accent.
"This sucks, like just... actually sucks." Swap class was made mandatory this year, and it just so happened to be the SAME year it all went wrong! Now I was stuck in a nerd girls body... well, the body she hid from everyone, but I was worried about being hot!
Hey I think our swaps were crossed at the clinic and I sort of ended up in your body. Listen nothing against you but you're not exactly my type, would you be willing to head down so we could swap back?
While doing laundry at a local laundromat I failed to notice a big red bra sneak just way into my clothes. While at home I suddenly woke up from a nap, to find it on my body, right as it morphed me into this chubby red head you see before you!
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
I’m at a party at my rich bosses house, when all of a sudden his wife grabs me while on my way to the bathroom. Saying something about how she can’t take this anymore. She grabs onto me tightly as I feel a cold chill run over me. Rp
Ever since a minor accident caused a few people on campus to mysteriously change genders, I had been trying to go to the gym to get my big physique back. But no matter how much I worked out the only part of me that seemed to grow was this damned ass!
I took a selfie of myself on my now nerdy and cracked phone. I wasn't popular before but I definitely am not now. A week ago I asked this frumpy nerd girl if she wanted to be fwb, and to my suprise she said yes. Today I woke up as her, and we were supposed to meet later, he'll be here in an hour(rp)
“I didnt know I was in a 1v1 competition with a witch, I stupidly thought she was to top heavy to even challenge me to a basketball game but I guess the jokes on me sense she stool my body when I lost, I need to stay fit though basketball season is still coming up, gosh this stupid bra is so tight!”
Whilst you were showing off your young, fit male abs to the young girls at the beach, a sea witch decides to have a little fun and turns you into a 40 year old woman! You look down at your big tits and scream, before feeling behind and noticing the size of your new ass
Aliens were testing brain transplants on humans. As my mother and I were walking home from the supermarket, a UFO suddenly appeared above us. From there I could only see a bright white light before I blacked out. When I woke up, I was lying in my mom's room and my body felt different.(RP)
"Prom-Gone-Wrong!" It was supposed to be a night to remember. Everyone was dancing, laughing, shaking their- wait, was that Zack? Uh oh! Someone spiked the punch bowl with X-Change! Football players are turning into total MILFs, the class nerd is a babe, and the night just started..
Me and my friend were playing video games, whoever lost the round became a little more feminine. 24 rounds in I must win eventually
My girlfriend found out I was cheating one her, she took me for a drive but at some point she knocked me out because I woke up in a forest like this! Oh thank god I can hear somebody coming!
I got a little too handsy while getting a lap dance. Flash forward one very loud argument and fight here I am fully transformed… and expected to work. (RP)
"Okay you can get one skinsuit but remember that if they have some predictions so be careful"
I was staying at this old motel while I was driving along Route 66, and I woke up to Billie… in my room? She didn’t seem right… and she kept switching between her voice and some weird one. She doesn’t seem to want to leave my side… maybe I should try figuring out what’s wrong? What should I do?
Some people collect stamps, others coins. After retiring a wealthy man, dad collects bodies, buying them cheap from overseas and installing a copy of his mind. He employs me part-time as a curator for the growing collection, feeding and caring for them and keeping them in flawless physical condition
My gf wanted some new pictures of herself to post but had no one but me to take them. After we started taking them she said none were good bc I was bad at taking them. So she switched our bodies and is making me be the model now!
Mid-Life Crisis: Epilogue
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
“I guess you’re my co-star… huh? Who were you before?“ I ask. Actresses have been hard to come by- now, studios were forcing actors to possess bodies to star in their new films.
(Rp) The best part of body hopping is getting home and trying all the clothes, but especially lingerie, they own but it looks like I need to go shopping.
If only he knew the guy he just beat the crap out of and left on the side of the street was actually his girlfriend.. the second I saw her body I just knew I had to have it.. he even bought me food to calm my nerves, this big hunky boyfriend of mine definitely deserves a reward after this..
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see a dark shadow phase through the apartment door to where my girlfriend was. I rushed in but not before a dark mist slithered down her throat- letting out a moan.
I love my crush so much that I wanna teach you to be her so we can rp as your my long term romantic partner. If your interested...ill also let you use that skill of being ger on others. Kik wereartthou
My boss had called me into his office for the third time today, and I sighed as I noticed the naked woman sprawled out on his desk. “What is it this time sir? Possessing your secretary again?”
The war was going poorly. Male soldiers were more susceptible to the alien’s toxins than females. You were chosen for the first official swap, and now the fate of the galaxy is in your hands.
You went through second puberty a year ago. Now, you got comfortable in your new body. Now, we’re in your new apartment after moving stuff. “Hey, i’m happy you got a new apartment” i smile at you. You had a crush on me. And now that you got your life together, you want to date me. (Adorable rp)
After an inexplicable event caused me to swap bodies with one of my sister's college friends I found myself getting ready for her day. I was somewhat weirded out by just how small this body was, examining myself in the mirror. "Ugh I can't believe this..." I sighed.
While doing laundry in my apartment's laundry room I failed to notice a large pair of panties that got mixed into my stuff. As I walked back up the stairs I felt exhaustion hit me. I hit my bed, planning on folding it all when I woke up. Little did I knew the cursed panties had other plans.
My mom, my Latin aunt and I went on vacation to a beautiful beach, the next day I saw my aunt taking a bath, so I decided to spy on her, but I foolishly slipped and fell on her, when I got up I saw my unconscious body, but it doesn't matter ,now I'm my aunt, a busty latina in this beautiful bikini👙✨
My BFFs were supportive of me wanting to be one of the girls, but they didn't really believe me when I said I'd going to the swap clinic over winter break. They were so amazed when they saw the new me, they couldn't keep their hands off me. Now we're all roommates, and I really AM one of the girls!
We just swapped bodies and it's permanent. in chat let's talk about our new lives. (No pictures of yourself required)
Ok this is really weird. I was a normal man for 32 years. That is, until this morning. I woke up and I couldn’t move. I was a pink dildo. Now some girl won’t stop fucking me (RP)
I went to bed a guy, and over night the great shift happened. I woke up to some strange sensations in my crotch and as I opened my eyes I saw this. What’s happened to me?! (RP)
Our agency had a big fashion presentation today, you know, tight dresses, extremely high heels and so on. My roommate though it would be funny to spike my take-to-work drink with the Gender changing powder on the exact same day. I need to get away before someone thinks I'm one of the models (rp)
My nerdy cousin stuck out his tongue at me as we argued. “It’s not my fault either! Why don’t YOU figure out how to swap us back, and I’ll hang out in my new dorm for the weekend.” He said before shoving me out of the door.
I'm a paid actor, well an impersonator, i get paid by big companies to be one of there workers or clients and do there job incase they aren't able to make it, today is the best day ever! I'm going to be doing a meet and greet as Jenna Coleman, AKA Clara Oswald! (RP)
My girlfriend and I had been playing around with a reality-altering device, turning me into a petite young blonde. She convinced me to have a 3-some with a male friend of hers. I'd never thought I'd enjoy it, but... When she caught me going for a second round without her, she wasn't happy. (AMA)
Her smile was the worst part. She was so smug, so satisfied, so triumphant. True, she's succeeded but still...She wanted a step daughter and not a step son and after all the hormones, treatments and surgeries, she had one. I hated it but I'm mainly just glad to still be intact down below. (Lit RP)
“You can’t be serious, just get out of her and leave us alone! You’re a pervert!” I shout at my girlfriends body- now inhabited and piloted by an old neighbour.
That cosplayer was an actual witch! She transformed me into a girl for making fun of her outfit. At least my costume still fits...
That sight and those words below are the sad end to Elisha's tale, where she was unlucky enough to 1) have her phone infected with a virus, 2) for it to install a soul-expulsion app, 3) to accidentally press it while stressed, and 4) to only be left ABLE to stare at her beautiful body, NOT enter it.
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
I always had a thing for my friends wife but when she proposed that we switch bodies wow! I've got a lot to learn now though and quick because my new hubby can't know we switched (Rp)
Brigitte, (Idemi)
Hoppers were everywhere, entering bodies, using them for fun and then moving onto the next without consequence. It was only a matter of time until my wife was a target for one of them- something was off with her.
“Trust me bro, you’ll learn to love it in there- I did” I text. I’d used an app I’d created to force your soul inside an old acquaintance of ours. “Look, she makes a good, tight, home for now”.
Im in love with my ratio
I rubbed my head in confusion. I was at a wedding for a friend, and at the big party after I had taken a few shots with some of his now wife's friends, but only moments later I found myself in the exact apot of one of the girls... in her body? I felt a warmth run over me, oh no, she was drunk too!
My mom, my Latin aunt and I went on vacation to a beautiful beach, the next day I saw my aunt taking a bath, so I decided to spy on her, but I foolishly slipped and fell on her, when I got up I saw my unconscious body, but it doesn't matter ,now I'm my aunt, a busty latina in this beautiful bikini👙✨
Growing up all of my friends had been girls, and so now when it came to my best friend's wedding she had desperately wanted me to be one of her bridesmaids, obviously that was going to be difficult until she managed to get an x-change. I knew how important this was for her, so I took the pill
"Prom-Gone-Wrong!" It was supposed to be a night to remember. Everyone was dancing, laughing, shaking their- wait, was that Zack? Uh oh! Someone spiked the punch bowl with X-Change! Football players are turning into total MILFs, the class nerd is a babe, and the night just started..
I woke up one day to find this cage on my penis. Ever since I can feel it draining away my masculinity, not only that but all of my clothes were replaced too and I can't find a key for the cage at all. I don't know what to do and I'm getting more and more scared
my best friend was crying all day because she was sick of being fat, meanwhile I've always been a very skinny boy, so on her birthday I told her my plan and we kissed, my spell worked, the next day we switched bodies.now she is a very skinny boy and I am a beautiful busty girl, I feel so happy✨💖✨
When my crush invited me over to her house i l instantly accepted the offer. When i arrived she gave me a drink thinking nothing of it i drunk it and passed out. I woke up as girl bound and gagged, it turns out it was part of a plan so her and her friends can have a maid and toy for springbreak(Rp)
I was dared to go into the ‘haunted’ house at the edge of town- how could I say no? But, as soon as I entered and the door shut behind me, it felt like I wasn’t alone- something or someone was watching me.
So unfair! My parents grounded me this year so my sister got to go to the NYE party I was supposed to go to, in my body. I was just sitting at when I decided I would sneak out and go to the party. How do I look?
My girlfriend and I had been playing around with a reality-altering device, turning me into a petite young blonde. She convinced me to have a 3-some with a male friend of hers. I'd never thought I'd enjoy it, but... When she caught me going for a second round without her, she wasn't happy. (AMA)
Well here it goes first day back at school since I caught the gender flu this summer. I just hope my class doesn’t make fun of me
Garrett knew there was a chance he would be a woman on his vacation. He just wished his new body was a little bit older. They wouldn't even allow him to buy a drink.
"Alien Abduction!" My brother Tyler was taking such a long time in the shower. He must have been on his phone, that was what that bright light under the door was. I was so pissed off I used a key to unlock the door- wait, you're not Tyler! "Get in, fucker! Let me see that dick!"
My girlfriend and I, had lost our jobs and were struggling to pay rent. However, a rich, old, entrepreneur offered us a lifesaving sum of money in return of living inside her body for as long as you wanted.
“You can’t be serious, you can’t keep doing this!” I exclaim. Once again, you, my best friend had forcefully possessed our next door neighbour again.
The Apocalypse sucks… I finally reunited with my girlfriend, and she’s acting odd… I think one of those creatures might have gotten to her… but I can’t be sure… she’s just acting really moody. (AMA/RP)
I was going to the uber house today, halfway through I felt a chill and started to shake strangely. "Let's play with this hottie for a while." My mouth said, so I started to rape myself with a toy I had in my bag, I kept doing it until I came violently. "Hey driver, wanna help me with round 2?"
A ugly bastard found a way to swap bodies with my wife, when I got home and figure out what happened she receive this video of him playing with her tits. "You got such a nice body bitch, I can't stop feeling myself in here, say good bye to these huge tits." She started to jerk off to her own body.
"Bow before me, mortal, for I am Ashara, a Goddess of Darkness! Pray to me, and speak your unholy and forbidden desires, and I will hear you! But be warned, if your wish bores me, I will twist it into a nightmare, but if I'm entertained, I will give you pleasures beyond your wildest fantasies...!
My girlfriend was into magic and she had a spellbook. One day i decided to check the spellbook out so I could make my dick bigger but I used the wrong spell and turned myself into a chick. What do I do my girlfriend will be home soon.
"Come on I'll get the money by next week for rent come on you can't do this to me." I had fallen behind on rent so my landlord came up with a new rent payment method
My girlfriend was super horny tonight, and she asked me if she could watch me jerk off. At first I thought she wanted to watch jerk myself off normally, but what she actually wanted was to watch me finger bang myself in her body. I had no idea that she could squirt this much!
I should’ve read the sign that warned snorkelers to stay away from the reef. How was I supposed to know it was cursed? Now I have to explain to my parents and girlfriend that I’ll have to spend the rest of the vacation as a girl...
I had a major crush on my friend Lisa, but she only wanted to be friends. Desperate, I decided to use magic to transform myself into whatever she desired most. A beautiful, busty, black woman is NOT what I expected, but Lisa and I are on our first vacation as a couple, so I guess my plan worked!
“Look, Sir. I need this grade- I’ll do anything, try your machine on me, be me!” I say enthusiastically, trying to convince you- knowing your new experiment would let you control my body and make me a voice in the back of your head.
For years I’ve known of your body swapping powers.. we’ve had good memories growing up but I also hated the times you prank me cause you always take it too far.. “seriously dude she’s crying and no I won’t tell her to man up.. give my sister her body back.. did you really just send me that picture!”
I’m pissed. I trusted my son alone for a week. I came home a day early and found some girl passed out by the pool. I storm inside. “Daniel! Get out here this instant. Who’s the girl by our pool?” I yell, but hear no response (RP)
“Sorry man, she’s the last one I had left- better than prison though” I say, walking in on you in the bathroom. I was a safe house owner, putting wanted criminals in new bodies to hide them from the cops. However, you were left with a spare.
Dan was great with interviews and his friend Kelly asked for some help. So they swapped bodies so that Dan could take the interview in her place. Let's just say Kelly got the job
"If you insist" I reply to Fave, who I then soulswap with my dog. This is what she sees afterwards, and it makes her want to swap back, but, it's too late: The spell already made the new "Fave" fully human AND able to tease old Fave about "her" tight, sexy body. [Part 1 of 𝘍𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘬𝘺 𝘋𝘰𝘨𝘥𝘢𝘺]
You know those naps you take where you wake up feeling like you just slept forever? Well imagine that 10 fold for me right now. My body felt different, little did I know I had caught an extremely rare disease the night before that caused people to turn into the opposite sex.
I told my gf "I wish I could be as innocent and sexy as you cute little Asians" she was beyond done I started transforming into an Asian cutie but something was missing, I realized she had gotten rid of any sexual experience I had and jumped on top of me, what's she doing to me 😰
Jia Lissa but what's the scene?
I couldn’t stop checking out my own ass... this suit was amazing! Not to mention waterproof. Time to spend the rest of the summer relaxing by the pool and teasing my horny neighbors!
As a joke I decided to use the Sexy Jutsu technique from Naruto, little did I know that it was real, and now this is the result. I feel weird, can someone help me? (DM 2 RP)
“I can’t believe that worked” me and my friend planned to steal this hot body, we went to a party and when everyone was busy dancing we made the swap. She’s freaked out in my old body, while me and my buddy are putting hers to great use
“Hi sir I heard your pharmacy just received a new shipment of Xchange pills can I buy one of the Xchange plus please?” Walking out the store and going back home I lay down in my bed and take the pill, but my skin turned into rubber and I was still turning into a woman but I couldn’t move,
I pulled up Claire’s shirt over her enormous chest, both of which were all of a sudden attached to me! Claire is a friend of mine real sciencey type of girl, she asked me to help with an experiment of hers and now I am her!
When my mom asked me to spend more time with my father I begrudgingly agreed. But I didn’t think she meant I’d wearing a bodysuit when I did. I just pray he knows it’s me in here!
"Bad Water!" We had a pool party at my house, but what we didn't know was that the crack that formed at the bottom led to some ancient Mayan spring. People's consciousness slipped from their bodies, leaving some open vessels ripe for the taking. We need to host parties more often!
My girlfriend had come across an item that allowed her to wish for anything. When she barged into the house she asked me to try something with her, and I agreed, suddenly I found myself a much smaller girl than her, with lust in her eyes. Turns out she only gets one wish a day! Though this felt good
"Hi babe, wanna have some fun with me? ;)" the new Fave texts me just after the very last bits of her doghood go away, to which I eagerly reply "HECK YES!" Though our DOG does not seem happy about it, we ignore him and begin having the best sex WE've ever had. [Part 2 of 𝘍𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘬𝘺 𝘋𝘰𝘨𝘥𝘢𝘺]
All the hot women in my apartment building act like they're totally different people today. One of them, a conservative housewife, even flashed me her breasts for some reason. I open Youtube on my laptop to find out what is going on. Most video titles talk about something called "FOSE."
“Your girlfriends body is wild bro, I never thought I’d suck another guy off but this body is crazy horny!” My best friend / rival teased me through snapchat
It’s become a regular thing for me now on Sundays and I seem to stay longer every-time too. I’ve hopped into my moms body to chill out at home without her finding stuff for me to do, but I think I might head out for a bit today.
I invented the device that allows me to swap bodies with people. My sister didn't believe me and bulled me so I just swap us. When she was sleeping I sent her this video.
"Oh hey there little guy, you're cute! What's your name?" a slightly too joyful Alice said one day to a hamster she found in her house...just before a mysterious force switched them both around, and to which new "Alice" happily replied "Thanks! And, MY name's Alice!" to old Alice's great shock.
Do this to me…
“Hey! Calm down- unfortunately you seem to have…died, but, you were ready for this!” I say reassuringly. Rich members of society could pay an extortionate monthly fee to have a body ready for their untimely demise- you’d just awoken in yours.
Sometimes, when my girlfriend is getting annoying- I open the SwapApp account I made for her and accept the first request there. Surely, you inside my girlfriends body will be a little more tolerable!
I've had a crush on Emma Watson for as long as I can remember. Imagine my surprise (and delight) at waking up inside her body this morning! What sort of mischief should I get into?
My girlfriend Lisa jokingly asked me one day, just before we were about to eat lunch. Then it hit me: SHE used to be the PIZZA! This meant, on one hand, I was left shocked she was a self-cannibal, but on the other, I also now wanted to bang her more than ever before. Oh dear, what was I to do? [RP]
I got a little too handsy while getting a lap dance. Flash forward one very loud argument and fight here I am fully transformed… and expected to work. (RP)
I took my sisters phone with me on my hike to the beach by mistake. Her indie pop songs made me feel free and warm. When I got there, I felt incredible. I could feel the salt between my toes etching away all callous skin. I snapped a picture to savor the moment, but was shocked to find my new look
There’s any girls want to swap body with me? Hit me up :)
Whitney Wright enjoys being fucked
I was dealt a crippling blow in the heat of battle, but as I crashed to the ground, I didn’t feel any pain! Instead, I felt as though my body was changing, growing smaller and more petite inside my clunky suit of armor. Could this be the work of the mysterious witch I saw earlier?
It costed me a fortune to rent this body, I paid for just a single week to enjoy. But come time to unhook I couldn't get the chip to disengage my mind. Little did I know this wasn't an accident but a power play. I was now powerless without access to my wealth.
"Cum one, Cum All!" It's amazing what you can convince people of. I convinced you, my roommate, that the only way to turn back to a guy was to drink cum for a week straight. You never even questioned if I was the one who had been slipping you X-Change. The best part? You were beginning to love it..
"Why did he put me in this body" look around me "I was going to die for sure but that's no reason to become a girl" (RP)
I accidentally stepped on a fairy’s house and she got so angry she shrunk me down and made me a fairy too! This is so weird, what am I’m gonna do?!
After the accident, you feel your spirit flying free through the air. These are the bodies in your vicinity - who are you taking over for good?
I had agreed to let you turn me into a girl. I'd even agreed to try out a bit of BDSM, though no sex. But then you tied me down. "I made sure your mind gets really suggestible when you're being edged. Let's see if we can't turn you into the perfect little submissive slut for me?" You grin. (RP/AMA)
I wake up feeling groggy "uggggh my head, wait, Where's this long hair come from? And my voice? Wait a sec?! AHHH 2 BIG MATURE TITS! WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?!"
The rejuvenation experiment I'd signed up for had been a partial success. I'd lost almost 15 years, but I'd turned into a woman. To get my mind off things, my friend invited me along for a cabin trip, just the two of us. It's just, I've been noticing another side effect. I'm attracted to him...
My famalys bodys
Hi all! I’m here to grant some wishes! Not yours, silly. Someone you know, maybe a friend, family member, or rival’s wish was granted and it’s about you! How exciting! Do you even have any clue to what they were hoping for? If you’re completely clueless, I’ll happily explain what’s in store for you!
Im A CIA Agent tasked to go undercover to bust a drug lord, I was supposed to be placed in the body of his best friend, but accidentally turned into his wife... Him fucking me is so humiliating... God I really hope the guys in the office don't find out about this!
Ever since you’d found that biohack, we’d been able to possess whoever we wanted- here I am on your recommendation. “Hey, who are you in? Are we meeting up or what?” I text from my bodies phone.
"Home-wrecker!" I had an affair with this goth college girl, but I felt terrible. It was a moment of weakness so I ended it. The next day, I get this message from my wife- from HER phone! She was a witch and wanted to keep it going, in my wife's body! Wait, did she mention my step daughter too?!
The best part of fucking cowgirl-style is being the cowgirl. Sure: it's a very taxing position, there's not much clit stimulation and the view isn't great either. But just the pure joy of your tits bouncing as your heavy hips clap against the base of his hard cock rubbing against your G-spot is ugh!
”Aw fuck, I did it again. I have to get this under control. I learned I was a bodyhopper one year ago but I still can't control it. When I sleep, if I have an erotic dream and I get excited... I wake up as that woman. It took me eight months to figure out how to switch back. Who am I now anyway...”
My girlfriend is beautiful but she’s always felt insecure about her freckles. So much so that she swapped bodies with you to get away from them. She tells you the swap won’t reverse for a week. (DM for RP)
putting this body up for rent! send me a chat if you want it, you’ll get to do whatever you want as her. emphasis on WHATEVER
My asshole stepdad is my new boss at my job, file this, file that, he’s so annoying “File your own papers asshole!!” He smirked and walked off, next day there was coffee on my desk, “so tired I need it” I chugged the coffee and started to change “Obey me, next time the Xchange won’t be temporary”
It was the first day of swap class. You’d swapped into the school’s star athlete, I got swapped with his girlfriend. Your phone buzzes with a text: “Dude, check me out!”
“Dude you gotta believe me, i’m your roommate!” i said frantically after you opened the door. I had been caught in the great shift and ended up in this big booty body!
“Mom, why do you look like my girlfriend?” I ask as I come into your apartment. You had just finalized your divorce with my father today. I look you up and down confused. (RP)
“Mom, why do you look like my girlfriend? Are you ok?” I ask looking you up and down. You had been single for a while since dad had gotten extremely sick. (RP)
“Mom, why do you look like my girlfriend?” I ask coming to check on you. You had texted me while you were going through divorce with my father. You had been quiet for a while.
Link in Comments
I was tasked with slaying the evil sorceress who had cast an eternal winter over the kingdom. But she offered to swap me into her enchantingly beautiful body if I spared her life. Did I make the right decision?
F2F
My friend was really mad when I broke our snapchat streak, and said some really harsh stuff once I told him it just wasnt interesting. I sent him a special link and told him "If you wanna continue, click the link. Then you might be able to send me something interesting." I sent back (Rp)
Yep
"I've got em, let's go!" Graham hissed, biting his lip as he hefted his newly enlarged chest. "Hey, hold on I saw a chick with some great legs I want," Andy whispered back. Graham looked back frantically, praying the drunk girl with the now very loose bra wouldn't notice her stolen tits. "Be quick!"
A Swap Clinic has just opened in my town, so I can finally change bodies with a woman. However, I only found two willing trading partners: a burned-out mother and a former stripper. Should I take one of the offers? I watch some Swap Clinic porn before I decide.
The role exchanger was a terrible experience for everyone. I was now in the body of a 21-year-old gym bunny while my girlfriend seemed mostly unaffected at first. "Well, what has changed? Your ass seems a bit firmer?" I asked in confusion before she showed me where my dick ended up.
OnlyFans was profitable- sure! But fans wanted custom videos that I just couldn’t do. Instead, I offered my fans the chance to possess me and create their own while I’m a passenger in my own body. Your time slot is just about to start.
I thought Renaissance fairs were just another excuse to get drunk and be an idiot. I shouldn’t have heckled that cute knight girl, because now a witch swapped me into her body to teach me a lesson! I don’t even know how to ride a horse, much less joust! I’m screwed!
Since a minor swap put me in the body of the office slut everyone has been treating me differently. They talk like I’m dumb, slap my ass and constantly try and fuck me! Well maybe if I just did it they’d leave me alone….
(RP) I couldn't help but wish that I had a Playboy Playmate for a wife, but as luck would have it, I wake up one morning to find this busty lady in my apartment. "Why are you in my roommate's room?" I ask.
I’ve been having the time of my life since my brother caught fem flu. I finally have a sister, plus teaching him how to be a girl is fun to. Rp
For my birthday my big sister gave me a mysterious booking for something. I had no idea what it was but she generally had a way of knowing what I wanted before even I did. As such she started driving me to the location, I didn't know it was the swap clinic until we got there and I had to go inside
My sister broke up with her boyfriend and has been crying all week, my mother and I decided to help her, so when my sister and I wake up, my mother had exchanged me with bodies with my sister, I dressed and started recording a tiktok for look for a boyfriend to my sister, I hope it goes well💖✨ (RP)
This was my first holiday since I was alerted to the fact I was switched at birth and needed to swap back. Becoming a hot blonde took a lot of getting used to but at least my wife still loves me (RP)
You're not a fan of big boobs? That's cause you've never had them before, either on your or around your dick. What do you mean the bigger the less sensitive? That's not true! Well not for me, I had them made so I could cum by playing with my nipples. Let's see who cums 1st with a titjob, shall we?
"Sometimes you just need to adjust your womb so you don't pound our cervix." I used to be a CEO but was forced to undergo sex-swap-therapy after sexual misconduct allegations. After steppng down and becoming a MILF, I decided to go full bimbo and now I goon all day long as a prolific cam-model.
My wife and I are at Exchange Island, looking for another couple to swap with! Anyone here that's with their partner that wants to swap with us?
My bully couldn't believe my glow up over summer vacation, they even tried to make me their gf which I turned down. That made them mad and they said they had a different idea of how to bully me. I don't know what that means but they haven't been to school recently. I wonder what they were planning.
Classic TikTok
My little brother was being an ass at home but because he is my parents favourite I couldn’t do anything to stop him. That is when I placed a copy of my mind in his English teacher, at least like this I could have my revenge at his school. ‘It totally worked!’ said the text I got from “Miss Collins”
I was very bad in chemistry, so my mom decided to punish me in a very strange way, she read me a story and when I woke up I was my mom and she was me, now I'm about to have a date with my teacher to convince him to get a 10 in the exam, although I have a problem with the bra✨🚺💖(RP)
Due to an 'error' in class registration I had been put in swap class. I got swapped with this sexy girl but after it came to light that she plagiarized her dissertation she was expelled and now I'm stuck. Help! (Rp)
Trait swapping had become a lot more common and with just a bit of blackmail, I had myself a real hottie. My bully approached me after I had pressured her into giving me her tits. "What did you do with her huge tits?" he asks "What you mean these?" I tease him, finally able to shut him up for good.
My Step-Mother blackmailed me with telling dad we fucked regularly, if I didn't let her peg me. After pegging me for a week, she realized I was actually starting to like it, got bored and turned me into a bimbo. I pretended to hate it, but today I told dad his son Peter now goes by Peta. Checkmate!
I’ve been having the time of my life since my brother caught fem flu. I finally have a sister, plus teaching him how to be a girl is fun to. Rp
Please you have to belive me, that's really me in the photos! I went toebd as a 24 year old man and than "pow" I wake up like this middle aged woman!!
Hey! I was a ghost before for a really long time. But anyways, I was able to finally take over a body, I'm just so happy I'm alive again! Just wanted to share my experience! 🥰
My daughter went on vacation with her rich best friend. I made a wish to be on vacation with her, and now all of the sudden, I am my daughters friend Ashley. I’m wearing a tiny bikini and feel so exposed. (RP)
“Babe, what do I do with my phone? I don’t have pockets. And why aren’t you wearing a dress? What exactly are our plans tonight?” I ask my girlfriend after she transformed me into a girl (RP)
"CE-Oh no!" You were the head of the company, younger than even your own male secretary. So you were more strict, more rude, and more abrasive to get what you want. What you didn't expect, was that I've been slipping some hormone enhancements in your coffee each morning. Time for a takeover.
"Well time to hide from the police dude" we were criminals but one day something bad happened so we had to use skinsuits but we didn't see which one we took so let's see how good is our lucky
Yes, the spell worked! Thank you so much for calling to confirm! You said it lasts a week...what...oh I'll be weaker but the spell is permanent? Okay...well this is still great!
I needed more money for college if I wanted to finish my degree. Eventually I was forced to sell a body part at the swap clinic, trading away my cock for a couple thousand and a female set of organs. They didn't warn me my body would start making estrogen though! I'm starting to get tits too!
Alternate Lives - Part 1
Venus, that’s what they called me. But I knew deep down, I was Zach. I was kidnapped by rogue researchers, and tied up to their machines. They needed a strong human consciousness for her, a perfect woman. I’m still their prisoner just in a different body. Worst of all, this body is remote controlled
“Dude, I think the spell is wrong, look at me” I sent you a picture. You told me you found out a way to get us to the party tonight and for me to use this spell, when I did I changed into a girl. “I thought it was gonna teleport me or something? Why am I a girl!”
Who of you hung ;3 cuties is interested in bodyswaping or texting
"Hey Honey I did it, I tracked her down at work, she screamed her little blonde head off when i hopped her." My wife turned around. "Finally it's been 3 days since I hopped her girlfriend she was starting to get suspicious I had to ride her face all morning, now hurry up or we are going to be late."
When you’re given 3 weeks to live, you go a bit crazy and try all sorts of things to try and stay alive. I went to this ‘wizard’ who said he could give me a new body of my choice. I said I wanted Olivia’s and I blacked out, now I’m her and I can’t stop admiring myself
I just took over a body 2 days ago! I'm so happy honestly, it was really hard. Just wanted to share my experience!
Trait swapping had become a lot more common and with just a bit of blackmail, I had myself a real hottie. After taking the tits of my bully's girlfriend he cornered me to ask"What did you do with her huge tits?" I teasingly reply "What you mean these?" finally able to shut him up for good.
Thanks for helping me take over your crush dude, but did you really think I was gonna start dating you? Though luck, I’m popular and hot now!’ I said laughing ‘if you’re lucky I’ll send you a picture of me in lingerie. As a thank you! Bye!’
We were supposed to go to comicon as batman and superman, until the shift hit, now i'm going to comicon as Clara Oswald. Who are you coming as?
After getting rejected by yet another girl, I went to bed wishing I was better looking. The next morning, I woke up.. and I was Danielle Campbell! I still haven’t completely adjusted to my new life, although I’m constantly feeling horny.
Finally, everyone left and I could try on my new bodysuit. A whole weekend of cosplaying as Mercy should've awaited me instead my step-dad walked in on me. [Sound on]
Nathan: The Party Attire - COMPLETE 49p. Sci-Fi M2F Transformation Original Comic
“Hey dude!” After a sleepover i woke to find i turned into a girl. You wake up and see me sitting on your bed. “I don’t know how this happened... but i see no reason to go out of bed for a solid hour!” I say as i snuggle up against you
Hazel Moore
Last thing I remember was going to sleep peacefully, today I woke up like this, I felt a huge mass on my chest and an emptiness on my crotch! I ran to a mirror to see that it was the girl next door! I remember I wished last night I was closer to her, she was my crush, I gotta see how she's doing...
"Why couldnt we have just gone to this party as our male selves?" I asked you as i looked down at the skinsuit. We was going to a costume party and i decided to let you get the costumes so you bought skinsuits and bunnygirl outfits which was part of your revnge plan for me sleepin with your girl(Rp)
When all that asian hate was going around awhile back I found out a friend was in on it. He always said he wanted to be an instagram influencer so lets sorta combine some asian love with the things thatll make him popular, though he wont be able to speak so well with that asian brain I gave him (Rp)
Hey, it's u/femalegirl001 here, I swapped bodies with u/spacetime_hood by using a spell online and love being in her hot body. I need something inside me my new pussy maybe I'll see if my old body is interested
“Oh come on… again?” I say defeated. The local mob had got their hands on a government experiment, a machine which could put peoples consciousness in others bodies and were now using it to make money, somebody had picked my girlfriend… again.
You had gotten 3 wishes from a genie. Two of those you had used on me to make me your dream girl and make me your girlfriend. The last was spend on getting us to this resort. Now only if you had used one to make me actually like you…. But I can’t break up with you. This is gonna be a long holiday
As a bodyhopper, I don't know what I prefer: settling in to a new body and watching her friends raise their eyebrows as the girl they know begins to act very differently. Or shopping around for a new body, quickly jumping from one to the next and admiring myself in the nearest mirror. Why choose!
Your tight young wife hated being pregnant. I really don't know why I agreed to swap with her for the duration of the pregnancy, but this is so weird. I'm your wife, and you've told me you expect me to keep to her submissive role in the relationship. Luckily, I've been feeling really horny...
I threw a white elephant during Christmas last year, and gave someone a cheap vibrator as a joke. I didn’t know that the manufacturer designed it so that when in use for the first time, I would swap with the person using is. Definitely was a shock to go from a guy to suddenly cumming as a girl
It was bullshit! I wasn't even the one who made fun of the witch but she still chose me to get cursed. I went from a towering fighter, covered in muscles, to this absolutely dainty 5 feet tall pixie! I didn't even get any fairy magic!
I had recently been through a break up and I’m trying my best to get over it. My friend was kind enough to let me go to a festival in her body. I’m enjoying myself but I can’t stop thinking about my ex!
The Auto-Closet - Part Five
You promised I could be a beta tester for your new iChange app if I agreed to be your arm candy to some lame party at your work. I found a lot of bugs. "Bugs" that just turned me into your dream girl. It's almost like you left these bugs in on purpose...
“I wish you’d stop staring at my ass” I said as I turned back to you. You needed a date for some awards ceremony and you couldn’t find anyone. At the last minute you forced me to take a pill and go with you. “This dress is so tight, couldn’t you have given something nicer?” I complained.
Me and u/femalegirl001 (well now u/spacetime_hood) used a body swap spell to switch bodies. I wasn't expecting it to work but look at me now I love my new dick and love tricking people by tucking it inbetween my thighs. I'm looking for someone to help test my new equipment, any takers?
My grades were a hot mess last season, but coach came up with a crazy plan to keep me on the team and get some good publicity. The first female quarterback in Division 1 history? Yep, that’s me! I sure hope I can still play the same with this suit on...
I was finally meeting you, my son after years of you living with another family. Being your mother i wanted to see the persosn you became. But i didnt want to disappoint you so I had gone to the clinic to get my apperance changed. I really hope you'll like me (RP CHAT)
My sister broke up with her boyfriend and has been crying all week, my mother and I decided to help her, so when my sister and I wake up, my mother had exchanged me with bodies with my sister, I dressed and started recording a tiktok for look for a boyfriend to my sister, I hope it goes well💖✨ (RP)
This doesn't feel real. Eight hours ago I was a normal 25 year old guy. But the androgynous reflection in the mirror is far from that and changing rapidly. I have tits! They won't stop growing. How big am I going to end up? Why did I make that wish? I just wanted to be popular!
I turned back towards my girlfriend, “Come on now, you just said this would be a small thing” as I posed for the photo, “what’s with you having me wear a dress? This is all too much baby” I turned towards the camera and posed again, “what are we doing after this?”
I owned a bar downtown and while I was out socializing with my customers, a drunk patron was chastising an asian employee of mine. Enough was enough, if he wanted to mock her for asian stereotypes he could become one. Id even get a new waitress out of it, though, lack of english was rough (Rp)
Secretary Straddles Much Older Boss
I used to be a manager, until I used a magic program to rewrite reality, wanting to try being a young woman for a little while. Now I'm the secretary of the CEO, and he expects more than just regular secretarial duties of me. And the program is not on my computer in this reality...
“What the fuck” you can’t drug me and swap my bodies with some girl who looks like your celebrity crush
I'd decided to hire a swap coach. Basically, me and this person would swap bodies. He'd do work out routines for me through the day, then I'd come back, pay the fixed rate and swap back. Today I came home early to see him playing with himself in a bunnysuit taking photos. (More in comments)
"Are my boobs bigger? Is that what you changed?" Caleb asked, frustrated. "Whoa... you really can't tell what I did? This remote is wild!" Samantha laughed. Her boyfriend was groping his now female chest earnestly. She bit her lip. "Yeah, you're on the right track honey. Lemme feel them!"
I was a streamer and youtuber, I never liked being compared to my enemy, he was always better, he always said that I was his bitch, so I exploded and decided to retire in the most humiliating way, we did a stream while he fucked me and showed that I was always his bitch😔(RP)
Perfect
Make it jiggle
hold up shirt with teeth
My best friend was excited because after months of begging, my gf finally agreed to a threesome. It’s all he talked about for weeks, so when my gf got nervous and decided she didn’t want to anymore I thought of a solution on the spot. An hour later I was on both knees looking up at two happy faces
"Alien Abduction!" My buddy and I were just picking up some gas from the station when all of a sudden, a beam of light sucked him out of the air. A few moments later, this total airhead replaced him, "Hey, aren't you, like, my best friend? Wanna help me in, big boy?"
After realising you had nothing to wear to the pool party you borrowed your sisters clothes just to see who's there.. luckily it was only me and now you're wondering why I won't stop staring at you... kik me tootrue1234
I was playing video games when the entire room started shaking and I blacked out. When I woke up, my room looked completely different. Wait… is this even my room? I look down at myself and see bare, hairless legs and a pink dress. “Aaaah!!! What the fuck???” I let out a girlish shriek (RP)
I’ve been very lonely lately and all I had was my cat keeping me company. I wished I could connect with my cat more, and then the finest woman I’ve ever seen walked into the room naked and jumped onto my bed. She started meowing at first and then realized she could talk ?!?!?!? What is happening
Disney Princess Rp! Entirely sfw and over 18! I'm looking to make a discord group where we transform into a Disney princess of our choice. We do things like slumber parties and chill in a palace as a hub world.We could also do adventures in the different movie universes.100% slice of life.DM me!irtr
Test
After getting into a fight with my girlfriend, she gor mad at me and casted a spell on me, then laughed as she watched me shrinking and turning into a female. (Rp always open)
I always thought that being the son of a plastic surgeon was great. All my girlfriends would get free upgrades from my dad for a little signature. That is until he started claiming all the most beautiful parts of them for himself. Not reading the small print was a mistake.
"You see, this is what you do..." It was weird for Kyle to be getting advice from his dad on how to pick up men. But after the Shift put him in his sister's body and his dad into one of her friends, he had to stop pitying himself and go on with life, even returning to dating.
It was the perfect plan - after I’d stolen the money, I’d hide it until the search died down. If only I’d realized the island I’d chosen to hide it on was Exchange Island, and I’d be caught up in its magic as soon as I was in range… Now here I am, no money, no escape, and no idea who I am!
I always thought that being the son of a plastic surgeon was great. All my girlfriends would get free upgrades from my dad for a little signature. That is until he started claiming all the most beautiful parts of them for himself. Not reading the small print was a mistake.
My girlfriend found a supposed river that when two people swim together and kiss they swap bodies! I didn’t believe her but I went along anyway. “Come on! Just try it babe.” She said pulling me into the water. “Alright fine… but don’t be disappointed if it doesn’t work.” (RP)
A strange virus spread around Japan causing any foreigners to be changed into native women. I was there on holiday at the time and found myself changed, there was an institute opened up to help those that changed, but we've been encouraged not to hide our bodies when there.
You got these bodies, you can choose one, just remember this is just for case of emergency
“Blue really is her color, wouldn’t you say so… daddy?” You, my new boss, had just fired me from my dream job. All because you didn’t like me. Well I originally considered fucking your step daughter to get back at you. But possessing her till you give me my job back and a raise seems way better.
I work for a company which develops a lot of new technology. But, I’m just the assistant. I know nothing about the tech. So when a scientist asked if I wanted to try out a new “Possession Helmet”, I agreed. Little did I know it would actually work! He’s in my body, I can’t stop him, help! (RP)
I didn't so much mind the swap with the hooters waitress. Good tips, and a cute body. Unfortunately, sometimes my friends from school stop by to check in on me...
"Swapaholic!" After learning that I could swap a person's soul with anything, my sex life has been amazing! My new girlfriend loves being swapped- even into sex toys! Here she is being used while her dull body is still processing all the pleasure..
Long Psychotherapy
At first my little brother hated that he got swapped with our hot busty mom but within a week he's up on Tiktok posting videos like this showing off his/mom's lewd voluptuous body
"So, Fluffy, wanna go for a walk?" a strange voice said. I turned around to find out who spoke...and it was me, Andrea, grinning and grabbing my own hair. "Wait, how could that be possible?!" I thought, "I never used swap tech or magic before!" Then it hit me: the UNIVERSE messed us up somehow!
I lay in the water, breathing slowly and cupping my bosom. Twenty two years ago I was drowned by a crazy ex in the sacred pool, but today I woke up. The pool had spent all this time changing me and now I'm reborn as the fae queen, ready to restore my people to our rightful place as rulers of nature.
You say something about weight to a witch ONE TIME! “Let’s see how you like it~” jokes on her! I look beautiful! Just…I can’t fit in any clothes…
“I’m sorry.” Ashley cut me off. “But I don’t want to swap back. Don’t ask me again.” I stood in front of my former body, stunned, as she shut the door in my face.
My fiancé said I didn’t understand women enough. Before she would marry me she wanted me to switch lives for a while with her bff. After a week however she died in a car accident leaving me in her body. Luckily I’m making the best of it. Now I also understand women, I love dresses and heels!
The bimbo gene was real and it ran deep in my family's history, at the age of 25 every second generation man and woman on my dad's side would slowly subcome to a bubbly new outlook on life. Like, I'm totes not going to turn out like the rest of them!
Severance at the Swap Clinic - Part One
Me and you had taken this strange statue i had found back to mine. After placing it on my table somthing felt strange... and we both blacked out. We were both in someone elses body. Everyone in my house had swapped bodies, who did you end up in?
“..no sex before marriage, yeah not on my watch..” My favourite thing to do as a hopper was to hop religious girls, the type that swore an oath to god, church every Sunday.. I’ll be swearing all right all fucking night, oh it sounds like your home I hope you get my message loud and clear..
You may expect that I'm the girl in this picture but no. We were at a party and I dared her to blow me. Little did I know she was a witch and when we went to do it alone in the kitchen she turned me into a soap bubble and blew me over the crowd, leaving me floating helpless (rp)
“Dude you gotta believe me, i’m your roommate!” i said frantically after you opened the door. I had been caught in the great shift and ended up in this big booty body!
“Boys!! Stop. I don’t care whose bodies you’re in. Just stop!” I tried to reason with you after you signed up for swap class. But you both refused to acknowledge me (RP)
"Fem-Ware!" Being a programmer has its uses sometimes. I managed to find this strange website able to change people. After downloading its program, I left it on my bully of a step-brother's computer for him to find. An hour later, I turned on the computer's camera, and this was what I saw!
"Mimi, I know I am your favorite grandson and all but why did you do this?" I came home one day for winter vacation to find you swapped in this body. Mom and dad were on a weekend getaways. You told me you wanted to catch up with me yet, I didn't expect this. (DM for RP, fair warning about to sleep)
"Oh my God! Max?" Luke was playing video games when suddenly he found himself naked, in a woman's body, and felt something behind pushing into him. Turns out his younger brother's gf was thinking of him the moment she climaxed as the FOSE happened.
Got into fighting with my mu.m. she been seeing my bbc bully behind my back. I got drank and went to sleep. When i woke up i was being in her body. RP
My sister was suspicious that her boyfriend was cheating on her, and she asked me to help her out. Of course I agreed and ordered myself a body suit off of Amazon. I created a new Instagram with the name Keira and posted a couple of photos, then requested to follow him..
I didn't so much mind the swap with the hooters waitress. Good tips, and a cute body. Unfortunately, today my friends from school decided to stop by and check in on me...
I should’ve listened to the locals when they warned me not to touch the sacred stones on the island. Now I’ve been swapped into the body of the last unsuspecting tourist! She has a killer bod, whoever she is... or was? Uh oh...
This is the last girl I possessed. A friend of mine had a fantasy to sleep with her so I made it come true for him. Now I want to help some more people out. Let me possess your dream girls and make your fantasies come true. (RP. Message me for details)
I possessed my upstairs neighbor but forgot to leave my door unlocked. Good thing there's a fire escape!
I spent a lot of money preparing for my wedding but a week before my wife left me. I couldn’t believe it when my friend came to my house looking like her saying he hates to see all that money go to waste. Rp
“..no sex before marriage, yeah not on my watch..” My favourite thing to do as a hopper was to hop religious girls, the type that swore an oath to god, church every Sunday.. I’ll be swearing all right all fucking night, oh it sounds like your home I hope you get my message loud and clear..
(RP) I always thought that several of my classmates in college were hot enough to try out for Playboy, but I guess my desires backfired, because after one afternoon nap, I woke up in the body of this woman during her photoshoot! The photographer is really cute. I hope he likes me...
You were sick of it, you were so, so tired of always craving for a cute, mommy domme goth girl to spoil you rotten. At the height of your frustrations, your monitor would shine brightly for an instant. Afterwards, you'd feel an added weight on your chest, now YOU were the goth domme of your dreams~
Frieza was dead, as were all of his underlings. That was except for one. Captain Ginyu managed to survive although in a rather weak body. Now he was on earth biding his time for the perfect moment to steal his next body.
I was just at home minding my own business and having a nice winter break when suddenly a cool shiver came across my body. In horror I found that I couldn’t move a muscle. Worse off, my body began to move against my will! Someone was in my body! Help! (RP)
You lost our bet and I could choose what you would've to wear for Halloween. I went all out and even bought a bodysuit.
Hi there, I'm Jane! Nice to meet y-- *She suddenly starts to shake her head for a bit, but then stops.* Sorry about that, but Jane's a bit too "goody two-shoes" for me. I'm Joy, by the way, Jane's alter-ego. It really is a pleasure to meet you all. I hope we can maybe have some fun together... ;3
I’ll rp any scenario you want. Dm me with your fav swap stories! My favs are virus, hypnosis, and creatures (shapeshifters, forest sprites, etc) but I’m open to all ideas!
Anyone want to GM an RP where I'm permanently swapped into a life and body I don't want? It could be just about anything M2F F2M F2F M2M
You caught the FemFlu recently, but me being your best friend I decided to stay with you, I would just wear the proper protective mask so I didn’t catch it. You promise you’re not having the most dangerous symptom anymore: to spread it to those around you. However, Im not sure I believe you…(rp)
RP suggestion
When my roommate swapped souls with me I figured I'd be the same person. Turns out since I still had his brain I somewhat act and behave like him. I have a craving to be a pretty woman, I hate my cock, and most of all I want to be pinned down and fucked hard. I used to be a dom now I'm a sub(rp)
Sometimes you really do have to hop into a pregnant woman’s body just to get closer to a different body. I hopped Maria here as she was out grocery shopping. Maybe I’ll try making love with my husband to see how a pregnant woman feels before I leave?
I was taken by a secret organization and put in this body. I don't know what happened but I'm now dancing and cheering for a prospective sutor. I hope they'll deflower me. Wait why am I thinking like this?
Brad and the neighbor girl Alice discovered they were Traders and agreed to swap for a week. He immediately went back to her house to explore his new body. But later that night he got a message on his phone. "What's Snapchat?" As he opened the app, his jaw dropped at the image he saw.
Addicted.
I always thought that being the son of a plastic surgeon was great. All my Girlfriends would get free upgrades from my dad for a little signature. That is until he started claiming all the most beautiful parts of them for himself. Not reading the small print was definitely a mistake.
"Hi there, i'm jaso- julia, julia" i was sent to spy on you by your family, just to see if you were up to anything suspicious or illegal, turns out your just very sweet. "Thanks for coming on this date, i didnt think you would show" all i did was fix your dating app to match with my suits. (RP)
“..can’t even go for a swim in peace, some guy over there screaming like a girl I’m glad they kicked him out.. we defo need to look at changing gyms, heavier dumbbells, more hot babes.. huh, why you looking at me like that dude?” Unbeknown to me someone did a body swap spell over the entire pool..
M4A Celeb Rp Prompts
"Let me out!" I yelled at my kidnapper, after he forced a xchange pill down my throat, then locked me inside a cold room(Rp always open)
OH FUCK! Now I understand why my girlfriend didn't want to do anal with me... My cock is huge! But it's not that bad now...
I was a huge nerd, luckily our school had a new motivation program. Whoever scored the best on a test could choose any trait and steal it from a classmate. I quickly made myself the hottest girl because I always wanted to cosplay. Now I just needed a new source of income to support my cosplays.
“Dude you gotta believe me, i’m your roommate!” i said frantically after you opened the door. I had been caught in the great shift and ended up in this big booty body!
I fucking love this time of the year, on this exact date i'm able to change my entire life, i've had enough of being a gym instructor witch a cock of steel. I'm now your rich sister in law, i can get any guy i want, and your relationship is my number 1 priority to fuck up. "New day, new me~" (RP)
I fucking love this time of the year, on this exact date i'm able to change my entire reality, i've had enough of being a gym instructor with a cock of steel. I'm now your rich sister in law, i can get any guy i want, and your relationship is my number 1 priority to fuck up. "New day, new me~" (RP)
I didn't so much mind the swap with the hooters waitress. Good tips, and a cute body. Unfortunately, my friends from school sometimes stop by to check on me...
It had become the norm that at the end of every swap class, the entire swapped group had a pool party. This year it was happening at 'my' house, or the house of my new body... and I just watched myself chug down a spiked drink... what a shame he'll be dead soon. But this is all my body now!
I was your typical nerd always being bullied in school by the jocks but there was alway this one guy the football team’s captain he was always nice to me. Things changed when I got second puberty everyone in school either laughed at me or the boys tried to hit on me and I was clearly scared(Rp open)
Finally!! My bodysuit arrived a few months ago, but I haven’t had the house to myself. But tonight is perfect. My wife is across the country for the next week visiting her parents, and my son and daughter are both away at colleges. This is going to be so— was that a car door? (RP)
A simple procedure. That is what you went into the hospital for. Of Course the Great Shift would take place while you was being put to sleep. Slowly you are waking up...expecting to wake up in your hospital room...in recovery... with your wife. This is a bedroom. A familiar bedroom. Your sisters? RP
It’s such a shame, the throwaway society we live in. I provide skinsuits to the rich and famous but they’re easily bored so now I’m offering the old stock to you, for free!
Let's talk about swapping and what that does to a person.
"Fucking stupid bitch..." I murmured as I rubbed my new clit. I used to be a jock until the least popular girl in school, Erin, masturbated to me during the FOSE. I just hope that I can get back to my own body!
"Yes, I wore the underwear, but only because it's all I have!" I texted my friend. I'd been a victim of the Gender Flu and so clique of nice girls on campus "adopted" me. They'd even given me some of their clothes, although some of it was a bit risque. I'd have to talk to them about that. (Lit RP)
Viral Second Puberty - Part One
This had been me, 22 and in college, until you permanently stole my body. What did I end up as? (No mental changes)
My Spanish textbook was cursed! One moment I’m a gringo struggling to conjugate verbs, and the next I’m a buxom Latin hottie! I wonder if this will help me get a good grade...?
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
I think I need to go shopping again for outfits to wear in my new bodysuit... this one keeps falling off!
I made fun of my sister for being a slut all the time, I guess one day she snapped because I woke up like this and I have to do anything a man tells me to! AMA
Ashley tried to distract her younger brother with a popsicle while she looked around for the medallion that swapped the two. But little does she know that Tommy lost it while swimming in the ocean, leaving the siblings swapped forever.
"Alien Abduction!" My buddy and I were just picking up some gas from the station when all of a sudden, a beam of light sucked him out of the air. A few moments later, this total airhead replaced him, "Hey, aren't you, like, my best friend? Wanna help me in, big boy?"
My sister just moved in with her boyfriend. I was jealous she didn't have to deal with our parents strict rules and shores. That is when I switched our bodies using a medallion. Now I’m sitting in ‘my’ new house, maybe ‘my’ boyfriend wants to play some games like we used to do back home!
You know I can't complain. I thought swapping bodies with my sister would suck but then I realize, I got the better end. While She or he is at school picking a college, I am a sports anchor which was my dream job. I also am in live with her boyfriend Kent.
My mom refused to let me stay at the house on my own while she was out on a trip so she hired you. I figured that this made a perfect time to try my possession spell, to my shock it actually worked and my soul actually left my body. Now all I gotta to is invade your body and the fun can begin. RP
“Yeah sorry for not responding to you for a couple months, but my new step mom is crazy she’s pissed she never had a daughter so she’s been turning me into one. But I can finally leave the house, wanna hang out?” Rp
I guess it makes sense: the pill changes your body but not your tattoos. Yes, I've got a stormtrooper on my pubes. I'm a nerd, alright? It doesn't have its own blaster anymore, thou. It read Big Tiddy Goth GF, but I've never seen such a heavy yet perky pair. I can't even see my slit from up here!
One moment you are jerking off, thinking about the cute girl you met on tinder, about to cum. The next, you find yourself in her body, with arms wrapped around you, getting railed. "God, your ass is so tight, I don't know how long I'm going to last," you hear and think you recognize the voice.
My friend took a college gender studies class, apparently one of the lessons is to swap with a person of another gender. My roommate came back and he looks like this now, Its gonna be an exciting semester. (RP)
Due to an accident at work I have been stuck as Jess for the better part of a decade. She is the daughter of a former colleague. I have basically been growing up as her for most of her youth, now as an adult woman i’m graduating and couldn’t be happier. Much better than my life as a man ever was.
"Look I'm sorry Dove I'm not switching back, I like my life, I'm the hottest peice of meat in Hollywood, I've got everyone from Brazzers to Star Wars trying to hire me.To be honest I have been feeling rather...stretched" I wink grabbing her new hand pulling in under my skirt to feel my new buttplug.
This has got to be a dream, right? My friend told me he could use magic and I didn't believe him... he told me to wait in the bathroom and look in the mirror. I started to get a headache and watched in the mirror as I transformed into a girl... I still look like me but... obviously I'm a girl! (RP)
I wasnt exactly the most religious, infact judging by my magic like powers most churches would hate me, but im nothing but inclusive. When I heard about an asian man being shamed by a nun for wanting to enter the church, maybe she should learn what its like from the other side, with less english(Rp)
"Yeah bro she just grabbed my hand and swapped bodies with me! She said she was going to be the 'better' version of me." The school slut invited me over to her house and when I came over she swapped bodies with me. (send dm or comments for rp)
My dad left when I was young so the only real father figure in my life was you my Grandpa, my hero but since your stroke you’ve been hooked up to a life support machine struggling to even talk, eat, breathe.. I often cried by your bedside just wishing you to be healthy again and well I got my wish..
I asked you to come have a sleepover, but unfortunately when there was a big thunderstorm and the power kept going out. When a massive streak of lightning fills the sky, everyone in my house passes out, and as I wake up I don't see you or any of your stuff in my room, whose body do you wake up in?
I swapped with our babysitter and I loved it. As i was now her and she was now me, I had to make sure she would stay quiet about the swap to make sure my wife doesn’t find out. But our sitter didn’t want to swap back! I now had no money to bribe her, so I had to get on my knees for her(rp wanted)
You are judged not to be alpha enough to be male, so enjoy your new female body.
Our mom was sick of us fighting and asked us to do something together to bond more as brothers. She was ecstatic when I said we started playing doubles volleyball together, but I left out the part about us wearing these hot bodysuits to compete! I wonder how she’ll feel about having daughters...
I was the personal assistant to a workaholic CEO. Some of my duties included filling in for her on the weekends and keeping you entertained. “Good morning honey, I’m Nathan, and I’ll be filling in for your lovely wife Natalie! She had some urgent business to take care of but she sends her best!”
The role exchanger certainly did an number on me! It swapped my face with my neighbour katie my body with the athletic gym girl on her run and my penis with, well, I've no idea but it's now ridiculous small. Did it affect you to I text my old friend?
A few months after my second puberty, we went to a baseball game. I didn’t get new clothes, so i just wore my old ones. I stand there excitedly as you stood beside me. You got a huge crush for me. “Thanks for taking me to the game” i say looking at you (Rp detailed)
I would love to see someone comment on my fanfics
I was staring at this absolute bombshells fat ass, when suddenly I felt a massive weight on my behind… (Dm for Rp)
I guess this is it I’m about to meet my supposed real body. Before me stood this absolutely goddess, my jaw dropped. That’s me!? She gave me the files to prove we were swapped at birth.
(F4A) Let’s try a Body Possession RP in Media, anime or video games with canonical characters!
"Ha, i knew it would work" i hid in the bathroom stalls for 5 minutes and i just stole this body. This chick is about to get 2 amazing gifts in one go, and i'm stealing that moment from her. "Dont worry brandon, i'm fine! Now what did you want to show me?" (RP)
“Miss I know I failed your test but don’t do this!” My teacher made a deal with me if I were to fail her test she’d swap our lives, I tried so hard but I failed, not a second after I failed she swapped us, why did I agree to this? I have no clue but I’m sure her meaning of swapped means permanently
"This isnt funny give me the pill to turn back" i demanded my ex. She had caught me cheating on her so she decided to punish me by turning me into a girl, getting me high and making me fuck my friends and im completly sorrounded by guys and girls who had fucked me the night before as punishment (Rp)
Anyone wanna do a genderswap rp with forced feminisation
I forgot my umbrella at your place, so I had to walk home in the rain. But... what the hell? I think the rain is changing my body!
This ski trip was so much fun! I was jealous that you took your girlfriend instead of me, but I didn’t want to ruin it for you. So I think I’ll keep the fact that I’m wearing a suit that looks just like her to myself... “Hey babe! Let’s have a snowball fight!”
"Time has already passed since the great shift in which 98% of the population has swap bodies. In my case I went from being a young man of 23 years to a woman close to 40. Just today I have finished my re-incorporation procedures and officially I am Mrs. Hagata, and today I will meet "my" husband"
My dad visited the swap clinic, he's been trying to get a job since he got hid new feminine body. He found a new job as a secretary and this was the photo before his first day. I kind of like my new dad he's much nicer and he is beautiful too. (RP)
"Don't move" I scream as I tackle the thieve with my bare hands. My Mutant life-absorbing powers quickly knock him out. "Justice is swift" I boast before I fly away, suddenly I feel one of my hands moving while not being under my control. "But revenge is so much sweeter" I suddenly feel my lips say.
A perverted little hobby of mine was taking photos of girls at the beach, harmless fun I mean they're already in public. I thought that until I was finally caught in the act, she didn't much care for the free photo, so she cursed me the next photo I took would be me...
Why I did it you ask? Let me answer that by jumping. Wanna see a neat trick, thou? I can't see my gash unless I use a mirror but if I turn around, bend over, and spread my cheeks: look at that! I still can't see shit without a mirror, but like, you get such easy access. I guess it only makes sense
I was bullying Emma, the goth girl with all my mates from the football team, next minute I'm kneeling looking up into her eyes in my girlfriend, Chloe's naked body. "I always thought that bimbo didn't deserve her body, maybe you'll do a better job, perhaps put those lips to good use" Emma smirked
I was in the shower when the great shift took place, but my roommate swapped and loved seeing me in my shower… a lot.
"so just push my arms together?" asks your best friend who agreed to hop into your step sister so that you can act out some fantasies.
Nobody Needs to Know
"Umm, Sarah? What did you do?" One second I was in my room, the next I was in my friend's house. In her body.
Last night was my birthday. I desperately wished for a life I could be excited about, and I woke up to this. What an amazing view!
I was a little miffed that do to some scheduling errors I wasn’t able to undergo my legal swap with my daughter-in-law before she married my son. Luckily we were able to take care of it before the honeymoon. I had spent a lot of time planning the perfect cruise and I didn’t want to miss out.
I stood in what was my office only 15 minutes ago, before the changes. I dont know how she did if but my secretary had come in saying something about equal understandings and all of a sudden I started to transform into this....this well whore. I look at her shocked standing with my tits out(rp)
I just left the tattoo shop after getting a brand new tat and piercing. The second I did, some angry man chastised me saying it was ugly. I figured, maybe I should teach him how good they feel. I gave him my number on a special piece of paper and told him to message me when he changes his mind(Rp)
You find this lady, totally willing to get in bed with you, but soon you find out "she's" actually her owner's flip flops swapped into her. After that, do you try to reverse the swap? Do you just sleep with her? Or, do you do something else entirely? All suggestions welcome. [AmA | RP]
I had problems with my Master all year, one day she was angry she told me that she was going to do everything possible for me to live just like her, now I woke up in the body of a busty woman in a dress with a large neckline, Out of nowhere I got a message. -I’ll wait for you at work miss (RP)
I was your typical nerd always being bullied in school by the jocks but there was alway this one guy the football team’s captain he was always nice to me. Things changed when I got second puberty everyone in school either laughed at me or the boys tried to hit on me and I was clearly scared(Rp open)
As a photographer I got to see a lot of beautiful woman but something about this group was just amazing. So I had brought my new camera from the blackmarket. It was supposed to swap me with the person in the picture. But when I made it of a group I got the ability to swap between all of them at will
"So your girlfriend lets you do anything you want with her body on your Birthday and you decided you want to possess her?" I ask in bafflement as my best friend showed up in a bikini.
Every heard of the saying: "A mile in his/her shoes?" I have, and it pertains to my ability, not that I like to brag about it. But I can slip on any pair of shoes and become an exact double of the owner, here I was in a pair of sexy heels I stole from an old fling, they fit my soles a lot better.
"Don't move" I scream as I tackle the thieve with my bare hands. My Mutant life-absorbing powers quickly knock him out. "Justice is swift" I boast before I fly away, suddenly I feel one of my hands moving while not being under my control. "But revenge is so much sweeter" I suddenly feel my lips say.
My wife never wanted to work out but i loved too so we made a deal that i would hop into her body to work out while she hopped into mine to sleep. I think im doing great.
You told me you were replacing your girlfriend I thought you were finally dumping her, yet that night you activated your swap device hoping it would work, you watched her soul leave her as another flew low entering her mouth, her eyes fluttered before seeing you “hey buddy, ummm am I dreaming” rp/dm
“Jesus. This swapping device is a disaster.” My boss grumbled from my wife’s body as he sprawled out on the sofa. “Hey, Anderson. Since I’m stuck here for awhile, why don’t you go make us some dinner? And grab me a beer while you’re there.”
I swapped bodies with my little sister as a joke, but I really don't want to talk about it...
I'm tired of adulting. I work M-F/8-5 and I'm done. I wanted to no responsibilities. I wanted just to be young party again. I hopped Elsie Hewitt, a model. I just thought it'd be easy to just be pretty, young, and party. I had no clue how much work it takes to be this pretty and influencing. (RP)
of course i felt a LITTLE bad about stealing my crush’s life. but chelsea rejected me, and i would’ve given her the world! now i still can, but from the comfort of her own skin! i think i work her smile WAY better than her anyways, don’t you?
"Alien Abduction!" After being abducted and tested on by aliens, they gave me a strange consolation gift: a strange, gizmo remote? After testing it on a few people, it seems like it's able to do some freaky stuff!
putting this body up for rent! send me a chat if you want it, you’ll get to do whatever you want as her. emphasis on WHATEVER
You laughed as you felt my hot sticky cum flood between your tits. You and I were roommates but you were always jelous of me, so to make my life worse you found a spell to alter reality, the only catch was you needed my cum first. So now you, looking like our neighbor, finally can mess with me(rp)
My girlfriend loves cosplay and got a cat suit to cosplay as black cat. On my day off I was bored and the suit was sitting there. Curiosity got the better on me and I tried it on, when suddenly my body changed into the perfect one for the suit. Before I could react i heard the door open. (DM to RP)
Vacation body swap
(M4A) would anyone want to force me to wear womens clothes that are slowly turning me into a woman if so message me!
Would you rather swap with SSSniperWolf or Corinna Kopf. leave your reason why in chat.
(M4A) Your best friend recently broke both his arms in an accident and is no longer able to jerk himself off~ For the sake of his health, the doctors prescribed you a state of the art skinsuit that would turn you into a gorgeous elf girl so you could manually drain his balls~
I was out on the beach, ready to play some volleyball when I caught some weebish looking fat guy peeping on some asian women. When I confronted him he denied it but I saw it. I think he needed some time with less english and the body he seems to be after so much. (Rp)
I always wanted to be a popular girl. So when i found a book with spells, i made sure to find a way to become one. Hopefully nobody notices jessica acting differently.
I always thought i should have been a girl. So when the great shift happen i was lucky enough to swap with my twin sister. Time to live the life i should have had.
Contrary to what you might think, magic is actually magnified in a place like a church. So I finally had enough power to cast this spell and become a beautiful woman! I just hope the priest down there doesn’t get any ideas...
You should have read the contract more carefully. Yes, they agreed to pay off your debt, but you missed the part where you would be turned into a female and work as a Milker for a year. A few months in and your getting pretty good and, actually starting to enjoy it. (RP)
When I first put the collar on, I'd freaked out. But I grew curious, and soon putting it on and becoming your sub for the evening had become a thing. Tonight, though. "I've found a way to make it permanent. If you don't want it, just say the safe word..." I stared up at you, begging through the gag.
I had a problem with Mike, because he wanted to steal my girlfriend, a few days ago after humiliating him a truck hijacked me, when I woke up I realized that I had huge tits and my penis had disappeared, a group of guys said that if I didn't want suffer had to do a favor to his older brother (RP)
I had a huge crush on this chick in my office. When I found a possession spell, I had to use it on her. Originally, I planned to learn more about her, but it turns out she was hiding this amazing body!
"Half way to goth it's like... the best I can do with her boring ass wardrobe. The hairs nice too, right?" After the shift swapped me with your crush you were heart broken, but once you realized I was turning goth... it just got way better.
I had problems with my teacher all year, one day she angrily told me that she was going to do everything possible so that I would live just like her, now I woke up in the body of a busty woman in a dress with a large neckline, out of nowhere I got a message. -I’ll wait for you at work ,miss (RP)✨😉
After "accidentally" swapping New Year's Eve, I convinced Gabby that after I ace her job interviews next month I can figure out how to get us back! Little does she know I already did and bought this tight little number to celebrate
They call it 'retirement' for plastic surgeons. After forty years in the job I finally saw the perfect body. I took her apart and took her parts for myself. The only piece I couldn't take were her eyes, but I'm playing the glasses of as an affectation
"Dude I fucking got away with it! No one had ANY idea!" After getting a cute, tight body for swap class, I knew I couldn't give it up... so I faked it. I marked down in the system that I never swapped... now my body was being taken to a psych ward... while I'm being taken out on a date!~
You had been a horribly sexist man but when I heard you saying “a woman’s job is to clean” I snapped my fingers turning you into my live in maid.
When I went in for a liver transplant, I was told there could be side effects. I just woke up surrounded by my wife and kids and some other family. The doctors said the cells from the previous owner of the liver replicated and changed my body. They asked me which family I was going home with. (RP)
The Great Shift just hit, and I got swapped with my busty coworker. Unfortunately, she constantly keeps her eyes on me, not letting me check out my new form. I also can't leave the building due to the chaos outside. So I decided to go on this subreddit to see how you are all doing after the swap.
I landed in my daughter in law Teyonah's body for our family holiday. I was sunbathing by the pool when she came up to me, in some hunk's body, wanting to fuck her own pussy. Seeing her face at family dinner that evening was priceless realising she'd just had marathon sex with her father in law
For the first permanent settlement on Mars to work the colonists would need to undergo surgical enchantments to live long term there. There was apparently a mixup with my procedure because when I awoke I had a female form! Not that I’m complaining.
The mother son trip to Exchange Island was going in a pretty interesting direction. I had gotten mom’s body and she was put into this nicely hung guy’s body. We’ve spent our vacation as more or less a couple so far. Enjoying the sites and sneaking off to have sex whenever we can.
You held me hostage for weeks, waiting for something to happen, showing me pictures of celebrities. Finally, the fose hit and I got shifted into Alexandra Daddario, still being tied up in your house. (Rp always open)
This was Horrifying. For the last few months you had slowly gotten addicted to letting your best friend transform you into a girl and sleep with you. Of course this happened. Pregnant. Stuck as a woman. You stopped talking to him for a couple months... but now...your lonely. You send him this pic...
Thomas and I were best friends at university, but I underwent a small transformation that turned me into a very busty woman, when Thomas found out he decided to go see me, imagine me fucking him, but when I saw him I realized that he suffered the same as Yo, now she's showing me her huge boobs (RP)✨
I was just running outside, when I suddenly felt dizzy. As weird as it is to say, I felt my soul leave my body. After drifting through what seemed like a void, I woke up in this room, in this body, feeling very different and bloated... how is this possible!? Why do I look like the campus fat chick!?
While at this house party, I set up a swap spell on the bathroom that would swap me with whoever went there next. What I didn't expect was to for the host's sister to be home and to swap with her. Not complaining though..
Well you know this, these are my skins, you can choose any of these beauties just tell me, which one do you want?
Fusion Therapy - Part Two
"So your girlfriend lets you do anything you want with her body on your Birthday and you decided you want to take over?" I ask in bafflement as my best friend showed up in a bikini.
When my best friend canceled our annual camping trip to go with my sister instead I was pretty upset. I thought she just did this to annoy me but when I swapped us it became clear it was a romantic trip, they had been dating! Now I’m stuck on this trip and my best friend seems to have expectations
On Christmas day, I remembered a little my times when I was a child and Santa brought me everything I wanted, so between laughs, I decided to ask him for one last wish, something I always dreamed of... the next day I opened my gift wrapped in my sheets, now it was what I always dreamed of💖✨🎅🏻👸🏻🚺
Jasmine was one of the hottest girls in her college class, but she didn’t know it. A rather innocent girl, she never even masturbated, nor had any sex. This all changed when her pervy neighbors Mark used a spell to possess her body, now all she can do is watch helplessly in her head! (RP)
After a long night with a Japanese escort, you woke up to find yourself in her sexy body. She tells you that this is part of their service, to provide clients the pleasure of both sexes. Eager to try out your new female body, you went under the cover, ready to service your old body. (Rp wanted)
My girlfriend was cheating on me with my friend! She said it wouldn’t work because I didn’t want children. Then she decided to turn me into a girl and treat me like their daughter! This is so humiliating but if I disobey she’ll make me something worse!
You and I got into swap class this semester and scored big… we got each other’s crushes! This will definitely be a fun semester.
You got a text. “You need to come over, like right now!” And then this image from your best friend… just who was she? What was going on? And why’s he texting so early in the morning? (RP)
Mirror Mirror - Part Four
My girlfriend broke up with me after I shifted into her mother's body. Now I'm watching some videos to distract myself. But damn, Youtube is a weird place in the post-Great Shift world. (An Image from an Alternate Universe #2)
Your mom invited me to your house to help her with a favor. She told me that you've been acting distant towards her and she needed help getting close to you. When I agreed to help, Iinstantly blacked out, and when I woke up I was in this body. (RP)
I was jacking it to this girls Instagram story (wrong I know) when suddenly as I finished I was somehow in that room in her body? Now my own Instagram account is messaging me like crazy?! RP
You needed a place to stay and I needed a maid so we worked out a little deal between the two of us, you take one X-Change at the beginning of the week and dress the part while doing the chores; you get free food and a room... you seemed to be enjoying it too.
I swapped with our babysitter and I loved it. As i was now her and she was now me, I had to make sure she would stay quiet about the swap to make sure my wife doesn’t find out. But our sitter didn’t want to swap back! And as I now have no money to bribe her, you know what that means…(rp wanted)
when I decided to work in a hotel I masturbated all the time when I saw my sexy colleagues, my boss told me that there was a way to be with them all the time I accepted the offer and the rest is history and now I think I'm one more of them (RP)
After your boss embarrassed you, you thought you'd possess her and try to fuck with her, for revenge. Little did you know she and her husband liked things rough. And you didn't get their safe word when you took over her body...
When you got paired with the quiet little blonde in swap class, you thought it was going to be a boring semester. It was quite a shock when your mom busted into the bathroom on you naked and started making out with you.
Guys help me! Until a few seconds ago I was a little girl who accidentally pressed some buttons on my big brother's new device... now why am I in his body and why is her girlfriend asking me to take off her clothes?
“I got swapped at birth or something” i text you this photo. “In about 10 minutes they’re gonna force me to swap with this girl forever...” i text you, my best friend
I found a pill that says it can make your wishes come true, that day my mother said that she would never be proud of me, but when she left home I took the pill and the transformation began, now she could be proud, now her new busty daughter has the biggest breasts in the family🥰✨
While I was getting ready to head home after class I saw some bully mocking an asian classmate. I figured it was time to save the day. So in good fashion, snapping my fingers his body transformed, with a typical school girl outfit to slightly cover her body, heavy broken english in effect. (Rp)
I stood in the corner sipping my drink silently hoping nobody would come. My sister got tired of me staying inside all the time and being such an introvert. She changed me into a girl hoping I’d step out of my comfort zone but I’m still worried. I think someone’s approaching me now… what do I do?
Today was the first day of my swap class swap... I was so excited for this! I was swapping with one of the cutest girls around campus, and I got her body for a whole semester! I was... recording for my own purposes, but I KNEW my friends had to see my new body too!
I didn’t think much of swapping with my buddy’s crush to give him a bit of a good time. He promised a big pay day so what could I say? Of course, I wasn’t expecting what he had, and you can see it on my face…
“How’s much longer until this punishment it’s over?” I ask my friends sister who I didn’t know had a reality remote. I may have said some stupid remarks about girls. Now she’s making live like a girl! It’s only been 6 hours and I want to switch back. (RP)
Guys help me! Until a few seconds ago I was a little girl who accidentally pressed some buttons on my big brother's new device... now why am I in his body and why is his girlfriend asking me to take off her clothes?
As revenge for being annoying my bratty big sister(right) turned you into her new best friend(left). I really hope her heartiness doesn’t rub off on you! (RP)
Long distance exchanges were done a little different at my university. Instead of me going over there I got the body of a student. They didn’t tell me however I would have my exchange with a girl. At least I get to enjoy the Australian beaches even if I will have to wear a bikini.
‘Fuck, no! You’re kidding!’ you had promised me a birthday game of golf and a drink afterwards. But I didn’t realise that you’d be going as Amelia! She worked at a coffeeshop down the road from my apartment. ‘You’re the best fucking friend EVER...’ I said, almost salivating over the pic you sent
It was supposed to be a prank but I guess its gone to far now that I’m ready for our date. I turned myself into a girl to prank my brother and pretend to like him but I wasn’t expecting my new body to feel the way it did when I was pretend flirting with him! (Dm to rp)
As revenge for being annoying, my bratty big sister(right) turned you into her new best friend(left). I really hope her brattiness doesn’t rub off on you. (RP)
Step 1, become Hailee Steinfield due to the shift, step 2, enjoy the money, step 3 have all that money taken away, step 4 return to your old front desk job at a hotel and get harrased by all your colleagues
While cleaning my new bosses house I overheard him saying something about "Yeah we can just pay that asian guy less." so of course I wasnt happy. I figured alittle payback in hiring a new Asian maid with...not the best english skills while I took control of the hosue would be a good time (Rp)
I never appreciated how hard it was to be a porn goddess adored by millions and well to have millions, you know what nevermind im fucking sexy and loaded the great shift was the best thing to ever happen to me and everyone else should be jealous!
I groaned as I felt my cock stretch out my new pussy slowly, the smile on my old bodies face was humiliating. I was in swap class when after the first swap the machine broke, leaving me stranded in this freshmans body. After a couple weeks the girl in my body asked if I wanted to fool around(rp)
"It's going SO well, thanks for the advice! I know you hated my outfit, but they like it!" I was on my first date after the great shift, being a woman made dating so different... but I was loving our date so far! "Sorry, bathroom calls and stuff... so, did you get shifted at all?"
Since I was 2 years old, my parents enrolled me in swimming classes, to prevent me from drowning in the water and learn to swim, now after 20 years I can say that it was no use, because now I have these two huge floats 💖✨
"Couldnt i have done this as a guy? Why did i have to turn into a girl for this?" I asked you as i looked down at my new female body and my new work outfit. We were cops who were staking out a criminal living in a hotel. And i had to go undercover as a hotel maid to gather evidance for the case (Rp)
"Couldnt i have done this as a guy? Why did i have to turn into a girl for this?" I asked you as i looked down at my new female body and work outfit. We were cops who were staking out a criminal living in a hotel. And i had to go undercover posing as a hotel maid to gather evidance for the case (Rp)
“..the middle finger real mature, I don’t care if you don’t like me.. as long as I’m dating your mother you’re stuck with me!” This girl, this chavy immature brat just won’t give me a chance.. I lock myself away in the urgent need to vent of some frustrations but the argument was still on my mind..
I need to get the lead role in the school play to impress colleges for a scholarship. The only problem the lead role was a female character. My theater teacher found a way to help me out but said I should stay like this til the weekend of the play to get use to it. Rp
Stop looking at me like that. "I say nervously looking back at my old self. The Great Shift had just happened and me and my girlfriend had swapped bodies on our beach day. We had gone back to our hotel room to escape from the crowd. "I hope scientists can fix this soon..."
If two people switch bodies, does the swapped adopt the other’s zodiac sign and birthdate?
I love my crush so much that I wanna teach you to be her so we can rp as your my long term romantic partner. If your interested...ill also let you use that skill of being ger on others. Kik wereartthou
“Why did I agree to this” I muttered, the maid I had hired a few weeks back made a deal with me, if I body swapped with her and didn’t cum when being fucked she’d swap us back, can you guess how it went, not good that’s for sure “what shall I clean for you now?”
After the Great Shift, the population was dipping. People didn't want to get pregnant. To try to increase numbers, the government instituted a "panty ban". As the name suggests, panties were made illegal. But, on top of that, it greatly increased protections for "free use" sex.
Mirror Mirror - Part Five
For years you practiced the art of possession. Now that you’ve finally mastered it, who’s young, healthy, and sexy body will you take for your own?
(RP) Where did you got those fucking pins?!Look at what they did! We are now on the middle of Shibuya, no one can see us and worst of all, why I am a girl and you didn't change?! What did those pins fucking did?!...Being a girl feels so weird... I hope our instincts don't kick in soon...
"Well congratulations you are an idiot" you made a wish to a star that we could have a better life and now we ended in women bodies, who am I and who are you?
Ever since I became the famed criminal Harley Quinn life sucks! Due to my new notoriety the only place safe for me is Themyscira! And since I used to be a guy! Wonder Woman has me under constant watch! I'm the shortest and weakest person here! She even makes me sleep in the same room as her!... (RP)
“Okay dude I get it! You needed a girlfriend to show off to your parents back home but can you please explain why it had to be me?!” (RP)
I can't help but fantasise about being my sister or her friends, god I wish bodyswap was real and I could just experience their lives
“Not so tough now, are you?” I hear my rebellious voice say. I was working out in the gym and some guy was staring at my ass! I told him off, but soon after he left. I thought he was gone until I somehow lost control of my body! I can’t stop him, help! He’s making a fool of me! (RP)
I was at home in my male body when all of a sudden I blackout, when I awake I am shocked to find a huge weight on my chest! My mind is racing, where am I?, who am I? Then I see you and you're looking at me (Rp)
We were camp councilors who believed that we could not do opposite jobs. She came up with a proposal to swap our bodies and whoever lasted longer would win. I thought she meant lasted longer at our jobs, not whoever cums quickest loses. We snuck off to the fields and i guess im the winner! Rp wanted
“Fuck I slept in! I just hope mom hasn’t left the house yet” I said to myself after snoozing my alarm a few times over and over. I quickly injected myself with the ghost serum and went into moms room. Thankfully she was only getting dressed by the time I entered her body! RP
My girlfriend had admitted she had a body swap fetish, and who better to swap with her than her boyfriend! At first I was reluctant but then I agreed as I didn’t want a random guy in her body. We decided to come shopping and here I am in the changing room…I wonder if shes had a boner yet…(rp wanted)
I was walking my date,Lei back to her house when lightning struck us both. We were now in each other's bodies! We finished the short walk back, deciding that it would be best for us to both sleep there. She woke me up in the night, entering her own wet clit, sensing my approval(rp wanted)
“Trust me dude, I’ve seen the queue for your little girlfriend here on SwapApp- you don’t want them in a body like this” I say in my new form after beating the competition to my new body
5 person rp
“..the middle finger real mature, I don’t care if you don’t like me.. as long as I’m dating your mother you’re stuck with me!” This girl, this chavy immature brat just won’t give me a chance.. I lock myself away in the urgent need to vent of some frustrations but the argument was still on my mind..
I had been staying at a Airbnb with my friends, and I woke up one morning to find this odd girl sitting at the end of my bed… she kept saying she was destined to be with me? But I couldn’t figure it out… but thankfully that stalker stopped texting me. Not sure if that related. (RP)
I looked up at you as I felt your cum coat my tits hands and bra. Your girlfriend was tired of you spending time with me and used a spell to swap my body with hers. It also makes me spend a lot of....well personal time with you and I have been begging you to figure out where she went. (Rp)
"Do you believe me now that I can change reality with a simple snap?" I ask you after turning myself into a girl during our soccer training. I tried to convince you for a week by now.
are they breeding worthy? 18f
My stepmom always had a weird thing for me. I wasn’t anything special just a scrawny guy. well one day she decided it’s time for a “break” she did some weird spell I don’t know how to explain it but now I’m her and she’s me and now I’m explaining this to you, her son sooo yeah sorry but not my fault
Cutie
One of my best?
After I got your girlfriend's body in the great shift I couldn't help but be smug about, denying you what you wanted and even sleeping with other guys. That was until today with months of frustration built up until I finally gave you what you wanted.
I was always small, so it wasn’t a huge surprise when i realized i was starting a second puberty after I started to change. And i’m really glad it did happen, i went from my lame old body, to having this hit body. I can’t wait to explore around more, and maybe even see how good dick really is ;)
You wake up as one of these ladies. You dont know how and why but 1 know one thing. You slowly loose your memories (roleplay wanted
When my sister invited me to the beach with her friends and said she had a surprise for me, I wasn't sure what to expect. She swapped me into her best friend. All the other friends are interested in teaching me how to be a woman. From 25 to 18, this is going to be fun!
Due to covid i had to cancel out trip to the mall. You offered to swap my body with someone at the mall so we could still shop together. While looking for a perfect shopping buddy, this girl walked past you, and you made up your mind (RP)
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
An Angel Among Us
I sat in the 1st class plane unsure what you needed this time. You were my best friend but extremely rich. You barely asked me for help so when you needed me, it was real.You told me that you’d explain but hop on the plane and take this pill. I took it and changed into a girl. What did you need
I spend the last half hour hiding from the party in the bathroom after I somehow ended up in the girl who hosted the party. I don’t know if I’m the only one or what caused it. It doesn’t help this girl was wearing boots and tipsy as hell when I swapped with her.
My phone rang before you picked up and here a female voice “babe what kind of milk did you buy, ugh my stomach it hurts so bad” I dropped my phone to the floor I couldn’t tell what was happening but all I heard was yelping and concern from both me and my wife on the phone before my body morphed
It turns out me and the school slut were swapped at birth, she wanted us to swap back and court ruled in her favour. This is the worst I hope my friends aren’t to weird about, actually I’ve never realised how hot they are, fuck this body’s so horny!
When I saw her i knew I needed to be this tiny 4'10" girly chick, so I took her body! I find her address in her purse and hail a cab. When I get there I head straight for the wardrobe and start trying on all of her cute little outfits, I'm just changing when there's a knock at the door...Dm to RP
You managed to swap your way into Alexandra Daddario! Being tied up like this makes it hard to explore your body though. (RP)
“You can’t be serious right…” I said quietly. All the girls in my family have powers and my sister just began learning magic, she wanted to test it on me. “Why do I look like this sis? Please turn me back? Everyone’s gonna stare at me!”
I can’t believe I’m finally here! After months of waiting I was finally able to undergo the extensive surgery I desired to be a beautiful woman. Of course I still need to wait under observation for a couple weeks to see how my body settles. Hopefully the staff are used to people messing around.
When my girlfriend said there was something strange with her friends, that they often moved and spoke in unison, I should have listened. And I certainly shouldn't have told dad. I only realised what was happening when he stole her body too, adding her to his hive-minded collection
I was so excited I had finally talked my girlfriend into dressing me up like a girl and taking me on a date, she seems pretty excited too maybe we can do this more often
This agency told me they needed people to play different superheroes for kids and tourists. I needed a job so I agreed, but I wish I didn’t. The last spot they had was for Wonder Woman.You helped me get ready and I came out, “I don’t even look like her! This is terrible!” I said, “what do you think”
Aliens were testing brain transplants on humans. As my mother and I were walking home from the supermarket, a UFO suddenly appeared above us. From there I could only see a bright white light before I blacked out. When I woke up, I was lying in my mom's room and my body felt different.(RP)
What the...? I was watching some porn on my laptop when I felt a jolt of electricity zap me through my headphones. Now I’m the girl from the video! How am I gonna explain this to my roommates?
You finally caught the sneaky little Russian spy who’d been making your life a living hell in the State Department. But you’re in for a shock when you unmask her as your meek, nerdy assistant in a realistic bodysuit! Why would he do this?! (RP Wanted)
OH FUCK! Who stole my body? Not now! My brother had a perfect time for this bullshit... Well fuck off, I don't care, that's not gonna stop me from fucking these huge cocks... Is not that bad!
Most topics could be taught per remote without any issues. Gym was another thing, lucky for us all the students at our university had a chip implanted that would allow our teachers to correct our movements.
My boss at the bar thought I could use a makeover, so he sent me to the swap clinic to become the “new” bartender. Don’t worry, I can still mix all your favorites... maybe I’ll be a favorite myself?
Random bodyswap
I love watching my girl suck her boyfriend off in the car! [F] MILF
When you found out about your son's X-Change use you were dissapointed, 'where did you go wrong' was all you could think about. Until I told you why I took it, after mom died I couldn't bare to see you so lonely... so I took it upon my self to help.
The heist was simple. My best friend and I would sneak into the Halloween party. Switch with the richest couple, have each others back if anyone doubts our identity. Kick our old bodies out. The only thing needing to be cleared up was who would be the woman.
I recently gained the ability to swap bodies by wearing other people's clothes. I decided to try it with my mother's clothes and she saw it. When I told her about the dream, she started shouting, "So you want my old body? I'd only be glad if you'd take it!". The next second our bodies swapped(RP)
When it came down to the choice between my sister Dana and her friend Carly to swap with this spring, it was obvious I would pick her busty BFF. I think Dana is a little annoyed because she wanted my male body. Oh well hopefully we can still have fun together.
I was making some lunch, watching tv, when a broadcast occurred and it was a strange man he started to yell “HAHA NOW EVERYONE ON EARTH WILL BECOME WOMEN!!” A bright light blinded the world for a split second and then it faded, but I got knocked to ground, my belly grew and I was stuffed
There was a temporal fluctuation when I was trying to see my family... er what would have been my family if I had been born as a girl. Well because of that fluctuation she's in my reality and I'm in her's. I don't know what to do. (AmA/Rp)
She knows how to cowgirl
I had this crazy dream last night that my twin brother and I came across a genie lamp. We had to split our three wishes. I wished to be hotter than him, he wished to be richer than me, and we both wished that people would stop confusing us for each other. What a weird dream! (RP)
Help I don’t know what happened but I wind up as a Women in this girl Samantha’s body.
I was at my family reunion, when all the sudden, my cousin and I swapped bodies. We both started panicking and went inside to figure out what happened and how to fix it. But then my aunt came and looked at me. “Come on Nicole. We need to get going if you want to be back for your friend’s 21st!” (RP)
“Bro what happened?” I asked As I stepped out and fell from the feeling of my new body. I wanted to go to the con with you today but the auto-cos machine must have malfunction and turned me into Ganyu instead of Dante worst of all I was now a girl and this definitely shouldn’t have been possible(rp)
Every night I’ve been swapping with my mom when she’s asleep and going to gay bars. I hooked up with this girl I liked but one day I came home and my dad caught me. Short story later, we got divorced and now I’m living my new life with my wife. (Rp)
I had a rough day today. I punched my bully in school and he promised to get his revenge on me. A few hours later, I got a text from my gf that she had a surprise for me. When I got to her house, this is what I saw. She had an evil glare in her eyes. One I’ve only seen from my bully (RP)
"I-I should probably get dressed..." I said nervously as I let my friend into my house. Our relationship has been weird since I reclaimed my birth body, his eyes seem to linger on me for longer than usual... (RP?)
Pan up
“..babe be quiet you’ll wake up everyone including my dad, my room is just down here.. you don’t meow either Mr Kitty.” I wanted to spend my birthday with you my boyfriend since my party was family invite only.. that night a bright light swapped all our bodies.. waking up was going to be eventful..
my daughter hated me and her life as a whole so she decided to steal my body and run away with it. i clearly haven’t paid enough attention to her because look how hot i am in her body! (rp)
I took a construction contracting job from a local company. Once I got too the site I noticed weird stares. Then the lead manager said that he didnt want help from a weak asian guy. So, in retaliation of course, I decided to show him what its like being a "Weak Asian." broken english and all (Rp)
I took a construction contracting job from a local company. Once I got too the site I noticed weird stares. Then the lead manager said that he didnt want help from a weak asian guy. So, in retaliation of course, I decided to show him what its like being a "Weak Asian." broken english and all (Rp)
“Do you admit I’m the best now”. I said sending you a picture of myself. We always gave each other dares and I just succeeded in my latest one, “I’m in the frat party looking like a girl. Do you admit I win now?” I sent. I saw your reply, “what do you mean that’s not me! It is me!”
Who would have thought that a magic wand would actually store magic in it?! I got it from some gypsy lady at a flea market and jokingly waved it around, mumbling to turn me into a hot nerdy girl.. GUYS, WHAT NOW?! (and what would be your wishes?)
“You were right bro, she does want to fuck you.” I say as I adjust my bikini strap, drinking in my friend’s abs. I had agreed to possess his brother’s gf to confirm if she was flirting with him. “So…. I’m only in here for 24 hours, wanna have some fun?”
Fit-In - Part Three
This vacation swap was the best thing to ever happen to me! My old body is freezing his ass off, but my new body is amazing! And it’s all mine for a week here in paradise!
I always made fun of Ellen Rockford for being the richest, most entitled bimbo at college. She was like a real house wife but with no husband and I let her know I thought so. But after being called Barbie one too many times, she had me kidnapped and hypnotized to be her personal sissy doll. (Lit RP)
"Hey! HEY! My eyes are up here! Are you even listening to me!?" I've spent the last hour fussing at you for 'losing' the reversal xPill, but I'm starting to get the feeling you're focused on something else...
Ever since me and this girl decided to swap bodies, i’ve become the school slut, her (well now my) ass is just too big for guys and i’ve been able to pull almost any that i’ve wanted. who knew it would be this fun getting guys to cheat on their girlfriends for you (rp)
Every night I’ve been swapping with my mom when she’s asleep and going to gay bars. I hooked up with this girl I liked but one day I came home and my dad caught me. Short story later, we got divorced and now I’m living my new life with my wife. (Rp)
This pose good enough? I asked, you had made an online business out of custom made bodysuits and I was usually the one stuck modeling them for your website. Hey it was easy cash and got to try all of them out... not like I could actually afford one these suckers.
Tips dont touch
I’ve always wanted a Harley Quinn. Who was obsess with me as she was with joker. So when i saw that joker and the OG Harley died, i grin and made a formula. I test it on you. My best friend. I inject the formula into your arm. I grin waiting for the effect to happen. (Rp detailed)
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
Fusion Therapy - Part One
I woke up in an elegant bedroom in this slender, graceful body. I have so many questions... but most importantly, where are my clothes?!
Anyone who wants to have a go in possessing my friend, you can if you want
These press interviews suck, but I’ve got to do them to keep up the part. I can’t let anyone find out that for the past few months Florence has really been a 19 year old teenage boy
I was picking up some groceries when I saw a few hoodlums in the asian food shelving area. They were joking around and making funny voices mocking asians. I eventually found one of them alone and made there mocking a reality, turning him into a hyper stereotype, barely able to speak properly (Rp)
While watching tiktok I found one of my mutuals in the comment section saying "Typical Asian girl, baiting for views." I didnt like that kind of attitude and responded with a link. Soon enough, a few hours later a few of revealing tiktoks were posted on there account, with poor english captions (Rp)
Couple Desi Indian Porn GIF by linkprovider
“Yeah, so ummm… can I borrow a shirt too? And can you pretend I’m just a friend when your mother comes home? I don’t want her to see me like this. My friend Chris should have his machine fixed tonight or tomorrow.” (RP)
I am so bored of my life and my body. I’m desperate and will swap with anyone. Any takers?
Hector’s mom approached me recently about using the Medallion of Zulo to trade places so she could spend more time with her son. I said yes of course and so far I’ve been loving my little vacations in her life. I wonder if I could convince her to let me have this form for a few months?
Mid-Life Crisis Part 5
“Oh my goodness” I said running to you. “There was this witch in the woods! And she got angry I stepped on her property! And look at me!” I said almost in tears. “She said she’s going to see me soon but I’m a girl! What do I do?”
This is the last girl I possessed. A friend of mine had a fantasy to sleep with her so I made it come true for him. Now I want to help some more people out. Let me possess your dream girls and make your fantasies come true. (RP. Message me for details)
Post-Great Shift Pornhub (An Image from an Alternate Universe)
When I lost my dick to the V-variant, I thought my life was over. Then I realized the pussy I was left with was a hundred times more sensitive and my clit a a thousand! Soon after I started producing adult content and my life turned around. There's such a huge demand for cumgirls, as they call us!
I was playing D&amp;D, when suddenly a lightning storm hit my house. I blacked out and woke up inside my Sorcerer character. I tried to protect myself against these huge Bugbears, but I heard some distance voice whisper something to me, telling me to obey. (RP)
After getting on a witch's bad side, she turned me into a woman and managed to get me cumlocked in that form. Finally, weeks after that, I managed to reach a friend of mine, and meet him at a restaurant.(Rp always open)
The good thing about being a cumgirl is that, like men, you can cum too quickly. But, unlike men, you can keep having multiple -mostly dry- orgasms. I usually can ejaculate three times in a row before running out of cum for a while. Which is very convenient when you don't want to make a mess!
Using my sister's appearance to earn money.
Best tits you ever see
Our band need to find a way for more people to show up for our shows. Max came up with a pretty good idea but I drew the shortest straw. Come on guys are you really going to make me do this? Rp
My girlfriend was swapping me into her body to do all of her workouts. It’s fun to be this cute but... I wish she’d have told me how sweaty she gets!
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP
You and i got transported into Spiderman’s universe. I got into Peter’s body while you got Gwen’s body. We fell from the sky. I shoot a web to a wall and I stick on the wall beside you. “Nice, you’re Gwen” you had her memories and in this world, her and peter are dating. (Rp descriptive)
A mad scientist offered to turn me into a dinosaur. Best decision yet. If any of you want in you better hurry up! Rawr!
Swap Clinics were great if your original body was good enough you could plenty of credit to swap around a bit and experiment. I mean look at this one, a friend of mine's mom! I can't believe she gave this thing away.
Life had always been a bit of a bitch for me.. from a young age my dad left and being the only guy in a family which was full of girls had its issues especially growing up.. The Great Shift hit a week ago and swapped everyone here but me so god only knows what perverts I’m living with..
The worst part about second puberty is how feminine your thoughts become. I didn’t want to wear this skirt to school but it looked so cute, I just hope the guys don’t make fun of me. Rp
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
My Brest friend was getting married today. Only one problem. Her maid of honour had called in sick and was unable to attend the wedding. Being her best friend she handed me a pill and asked me to fill in for her. And not wanting to let her down I took the pill and put on the dress I was given. (RP)
“Why are you looking at me like that?” We had a sleepover last night, but when you woke up i looked like this and the door was locked with way to open it
With fem-flu ravaging the world you made a choice and locked yourself away in a bunker until this whole thing blows over. 1-years later and you emerged to a new world filled with new women who never quite got to experience sex with a man, lucky you.
The House of Change - Part Six
Trashy and I like it
I enjoy posing as famous people on social media, and a couple days ago when I was going out bro private to post another pic I get message “I know your not actually pokimane you faker!!” My stomach ached and I started to yelp as my voice turned feminine and I turned fully into pokimane
Are they driving away? We had a deal- meet here in the canyon, leave the swap potion and take the cash. Did we scare them off? You promised me they were good for it! You promised! I did you this favor and now I think I'm going to be trapped as your boss's chubby wife forever! Why did I trust you?
Swap class had become so popular that a new club expanding upon that idea was created. We called it Merger club at my school, my girlfriend and I are the captain of the club!
My daughter was home from college and even if she's an adult, I told her that if she's living under my house it's my rules. So when I told her she couldn't take the family car to a concert, that didn't stop her. Instead she swapped our bodies, took my car, and her friends to the concert.
I’d gained a reputation as the manliest man in this town. So when word got out I’d undergone a legal swap with my niece, nobody would let me hear the end of it. Maybe I’m not exactly what they thought I was but I can forge a new reputation, as the toughest woman in town!
Looking to role play. I'm a female and I've had it with my life and need a break from it. You can possess my body and do as you please to make my body relaxed.
Body up for grabs. If you’re interested in a body, all you have to do is meet my terms, and it’s all yours. Dm me for details.
There I was wearing some jewellery which belonged to this woman in the painting… I had no idea wearing it would force my body to become hers! I need someone to help me out! (RP)
The floor of my room caved taking me with it, I thought I was in a cave, but it wasn’t, it was a village, no, an entire world “hi traveler welcome” a fairy flew up to me, but it was red and it looked evil, I was right, she started to snicker and turned me into a woman before she…
Test
I want to be her so bad
I had been accidentally enrolled into swap class and got swapped with the professor. I don't know what to do. I want an A but I want to fuck every guy and girl I see. I want my pussy pounded and cream pied (Rp/AmA)
Switching my druggie daughter and her rival.. "Think I care about your little job interview? Don't worry sweetheart, you'll be there, right on time. It just won't be you piloting the host! I'm sure you'll love her job cleaning toilets.. u still need to keep a roof over your head after all" (RP ✌️)
Hey there, I'm Amity Blight, but an adult! And, I have an amazing gift for you all: My body for you to play around with! I just have 2 conditions: 1) I get to watch, and 2) I get to stay inside my vagina. Now, what do you say? ;3
With fem-flu ravaging the country you made a choice and locked yourself away in a bunker until this whole thing blows over. 1-years later and you emerged to a new world filled with new women who never quite got to experience sex with a man, lucky you.
My girlfriends best friend was jealous that my gf was now spending more time with me than she was with her. So, she swapped our bodies so here I am laying in bed, crying about what has just happened till I receive a video from her number… why am I getting wet and why would she do that! (rp wanted)
[M4AbodyswapF] one day, we’re hanging out, and you randomly swap bodies with a celeb!? Turns out I’ve always wanted to fuck that celeb, it takes some convincing, but you let me get off to your body, and eventually fuck… (pick any celeb! Preferably listed below!)
Wife Got Groped By Stranger In a Party
Was brushing my teeth with one hand and scratching my tit with the other when my phone rang. Dropping my tit I looked at the message. "Hey looser! By now all my old body's nasry traits and memories you need to live that life should be yours. Your the town slut now.." Forced M2Bbw Rp Dm
Are they driving away? We had a deal- meet here in the canyon, leave the swap potion and take the cash. Did we scare them off? You promised me they were good for it! You promised! I did you this favor and now I think I'm going to be trapped as your boss's chubby wife forever! Why did I trust you?
Oh shes getting railed
Laura flashing her melons
Grandpa was mute and bedridden.I went to visit with my asian girlfriend and gave me a ring to propose to her with. That night I proposed but shes been behaving strangely ever since. I peeked into her bedroom and see her posing in front herself and talking about how flexible her body is.
I can’t believe how realistic this suit of your mom is dude... remind me why you asked me to put this on in the first place?
I signed up for an experiment where they installed a chip on me. It was supposed to control my body but it doesn't seem to do anything as I actually wanted to flash all the scientists. Didn't I? "Wow I'm really controlling her body" I say.. wait why did I say that again? (Rp/ama)
Mirror Mirror - Part Three
"Why are you guys being so mean it's just a hoodie..." After swap class went wrong, I was stuck in this body. It didn't take long before I started to become more... girly. All of my friends were giving me shit for liking this stuff... maybe I need new friends...
I was homeless after having lost all my money as a banker. My wife had left me and things were not getting much better. That is when I decided to steal my wife’s nieces body. Rather that I can keep in contact with my kids as their cousin than from the streets. And as a bonus I’m pretty cute now!
smokingodess
the outfit I wore out yesterday gave me such a rush!
Fit-In - Part Two
“Goddamnit! No! I can’t go to school like this!” Last week, I discovered I could shapeshift, so I spent the entire weekend testing it out. Well, something short circuited because now I have no control over it. Yesterday I woke up as a 40 year old man, which was odd enough. Today I’m this girl. (RP)
I died in a car accident, but my spirit somehow got in my best friend's girlfriend, who was in a coma for almost 3 months. When I woke up in my room everything felt weird...
I wandered off the path. Now apparently I’m the faerie queen of the forest, tasked with spreading nature back to the world. The spirit who did this to me said that I also needed to turn others into my ‘forest maidens’. I don’t want to turn people against their will yet, so…any volunteers?
Ganondorf successfully completed the spell which would grant him all the triforce pieces. Only he ended up in Zelda's body and still only had the triforce of strength.
A smoke bomb went off at the fraternity house last night. When the smoke cleared, everything had changed. The rooms became girlier, the clothes in the dressers became girlier, and the frat guys…. Well you can see what happened to them (RP)
When Hector’s mom asked me if she could swap with me so she could be closer to her son of course I said yes! I’ve been living the dream in her body since then. We’re supposed to switch back soon but I’m hoping I can convince her to let us stay longer.
“Oh my God... I can’t believe it actually worked!” I held my hand to my mouth in disbelief as I looked back at my own body, now inhabited by you, my girlfriend.
Things have been weird for me ever since the minor shift swapped me with this girl at the gym and left all my friends unshifted. It's a little awkward but at least I'm still part of the group!
You decided to go-to bed a bit early the prior night after a headache made you feel a bit nauseous. Waking up in a now pitch black room you reach for your phone to check the time, feeling the phone on the bed. Confused as you'd put it away you open it to see this groggy girl looking back.(RP, DMs✓)
Swapping bodies with my cousin for our family vacation seems like a fun idea but also weird one. Especially once I saw her kiss my girlfriend right in front of me with my body. It definitely is taking some getting used to but i think I can last for the entirety of the trip (AMA)
"Jim come over here" my sons girlfriend called me over to where she was standing. We both knew we were trader's, a perfect match to swap bodies with each other only needing consent. "So do you wanna trade? C'mon I know your dying to get inside these sexy panties" I grin and agree "only today"
I look at you confused and lost. We decided to go swimming together but the second we both hit the water our bodies swapped. I gently touch my now soft body trying to take in what just happened. (Rp)
You wished for superpowers and a smoking hot girl who will get kidnapped for you to save. When you got your superpowers the next day you came to tell me, but i open the door looking like this... (RP)
When I moved to university, I was a short on cash. To make some money, I signed up for some experiments. However, signing up for this one was a mistake! Some physics nerd put a chip on my neck, and now he’s controlling me! He literally “became me”! I can’t stop him, help! (RP)
Help!! I’m part of a pretty big family - two brothers, two sisters (including me). Somehow, my two perverted idiot brothers found a way to possess their two sisters (including me!!), and now they’re forcing us to do this! Neither of us are lesbian! This is awful, help! (RP)
Admiring Her Friend's Tits In Public
"Ready to get training again, bro? I swear I'm gonna get this new body RIPPED." Ever since my swap class... accident, I've been going a little stir crazy. I was now stuck in this tiny body for the rest of my life, and being a normal gym bro, I was... eager to get back to it...
I was homeless after having lost all my money as a banker. My wife had left me and things were not getting much better. That is when I decided to steal my wife’s nieces body. Rather that I can keep in contact with my kids as their cousin than from the streets. And as a bonus I’m pretty cute now!
Ever since your swapped at birth notice came in you were terrified. Some woman... you, wanted your body back. After a few days you were confused why she wanted to swap? her life was perfect... it was me. Her stalker, and also a body hopper, who started taking you over every day!
Whenever my boyfriend makes me mad, I cheat on him and show Reddit my holes
Mycfriend always had something for hayley atwell but what he did was going to far, we were watching the first captain america until you said something to me some kind of trigger word, and next thing i know i am hayley Atwell
There’s nothing better than waking up and remembering you now live in your mom’s body! Sure I’ve got a lot of my plate but it’s all worth it to have mornings like this where I can sit with my coffee while my husband eats me out.
I knew there was something wrong with this apartment when me and my friend moved in. We woke up every morning with our bodies and things slightly different everyday. It took us about 4 days to realize we were turning into girls. We both think the other has something to do with it. Rp
I wanna RP either a M2M Cucking prompt or a TS2M. Hit me up here or on KIK LVS1124
I recently moved into a new house with my family. Little did we know there was a ghost here, you found me alone in my room one day allowing you free access to possess the girls in my family. Who are you taking and what are you doing? (Rp)
You have finally mastered the art of possession. Which of these targets do you want to posses first?
It’s a strange life I’ve made for myself, choosing to forgo my human male body for a feminine android’s and all. But it’s what makes me most happy. Sure I’m technically considered heavy machinery now but it’s well worth it to look this good!
I'm a real girl!
While house-sitting for my Aunt, I accidentally put on her body shaping underwear! To avoid embarrassment I committed to the look by wearing the rest of her shaping clothes and pretended to be her until I could get things fixed, but now the company says they won't cover the reversal procedure! (RP)
I was on my deathbed from a horrible crash. My best friend guaranteed he'd be able to get my consiousness transferred into an android body, that was way better than my original. After feeling everything start to fade to black I opened my eyes and saw my new body. I wasn't ready for my new body.
I was invited to a swap party. I had no clue what happened at one but decided to go. Once I get there I there were so many hot girls there. I grabbed a drink and took a sip. Must be strong cause I'm already dizzy. Once my vision clears I'm now near the pool "how'd I get over here?" I ask
I was your friend. But when the great shift happend i was swaped with your crush (rp in comments)
A Rough Night With A Girl From A Bar
When I heard about the clothes spell which lets you turn into whoever owns the clothes you put on. I tested it out on my sisters closet….I didn’t think it would actually work though.
Back in 2002 I managed to take MJ’s body when all the souls were returning back. I played the part just right until I got of the island. Now for the past 20 years I’ve been happily sleeping with a different guy every night, truly enjoying being a hot woman
“..babe get of that dumb game and come to bed already.” I say half naked in the doorway of your streaming room. I didn’t realise moments before this that one of your gay subscribers had somehow swapped bodies with you.
I loved my pure and innocent girlfriend but she didn't want to have kids yet to the disappointment of her dad. Today she seemed to have change of personality and mind?
The swap was random, but I hit the jackpot... looks like my new life is as an elegant milf! I could get used to this...
Me and a Weeaboo friend went on a trip to Japan. I wanted to see and photograph the culture, meanwhile my friend was being super insensitive and rude. When we slept that night I heard something in the hallway. When I woke, I found this girl next too me, but she barely spoke any english. (Rp)
Well, how could I not? As the CEO of Switch Inc. I think leadership should lead by the example, that's what inspired my photoshoot. We want to celebrate the female body in all its beauty, strength, and determination. We encourage management and all employees to 'take the leap' as we like to put it.
I let my little brother possess my body for a week. He didn't tell me he was going to get me tatted up and use me to make him money...
My girlfriend and I wanted to spend more time together, so I bought a suit that makes me look just like her roommate Becky! We’ve been having so much fun, we just have to make sure the real Becky doesn’t walk in on us...
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
Hnggggggg
Peter Parker was chasing Black Cat who had stolen a priceless Wakanda stone from a museum, he tried to web her up and stop her but she fell and the stone smashed in a white flash and it knocked Peter out. When he woke up he was in Felicia's body! (RP)
As a joke, I decided to yank one of my friends hair back as she walked in front of me. She lost her balance and fell on top of me, expect I possessed her and I'm not sure how to leave. (Rp)
“Hey you awake?” My friend and I were excited to take international swap class to spend a year in Japan. But we got swapped into twins, have to share the same room, and I now get turned on by everything “nee chan” does! I could hear him moaning the whole night and it got me so erect I couldn’t sleep
I wanted to have a wild bachelor party and my best man made it even crazier by giving us these bodysuits! For the rest of the night we’re gonna be these Asian beauties. Just hope my soon to be wife doesn’t here about this.
Grabbing Her Beautiful Boobs
I was tasked with the Spider for a job to steal something from the joker for Shield..Blah Blah. Boring prompt setup and whatever. Now I’m in Harleys body! Like, Head to toe... and even other stuff. Like well...you get the picture. Anyways, I gotta go tell spidey what happened. He’ll never believe it
The first bet you lost got you swapped. The second got you a cumshot to the face. Now, to swap back you have to make another bet, what do you think a third loss will bring? (RP)
I always thought cosplaying was such a stupid concept. I even took my sister to an anime convention just to make fun of everyone I saw. That is, until I ended up pissing off some troop of goth girls with my insults. Now I’m stuck like this…
My friend couldn’t keep a girlfriend because he lacked self confidence. I decided to help him out by buying a skin suit and downloading tinder. Just a few dates he should be more confident in himself. Rp
It was a average night for me or was until a being of strange clothing and looks appeared in my time and told me that he was the god of time and told that I wasn’t meant to be born as this and so with a snap of a finger I was sent back into time~ (RP)
"Thanks for swapping with me Cara, this past month has been great. I've always been attracted to girls but I don't want to cheat on my husband and break his heart." "Are you kidding Gal you're doing me the favour I've never cum as hard as when your husband fucks me,you have fun sleeping with Selena"
I knew my son was out with his girlfriend trying to shoot one of his little amateur film projects. It was getting late and I was starting to get worried about him. So I used a little possession spell I had to take over his girlfriend and find out where he is. He’s gone be in big trouble tonight!
(M4TF) "C-come on dude, d-don't you think you're taking advantage of me here?" You'd complain as you struck a cute pose while wearing a rather slutty catgirl outfit. Ever since you underwent top and bottom surgery and fully transitioned, your roommate's been using you as living fap fuel~
Posts using a Kik, Snap, or other social media accounts in the title are strongly unrecommended.
“Ta da!” I exclaim as I present my temporary body. Me and my wife wanted to spice things up for our 20th anniversary so we made an appointment for the swap clinic although when my son overheard our plans he offered a deal. We get to swap with him and his gf for free as long as he got to be his mum!
Fit-In - Part One
Please.. Swap me all your unwanted nasty Traits. Let my body be your Playground.
"Oh, morning... sorry, I kinda just grabbed your sweater." Last night, you were at a club when you saw a girl passed out, wearing mens clothes... I'd been Spiked with x-change, robbed, and left not know who or where I was... then you took me in to help me. "I can't thank you enough..."
You had been a milf for a week now since your body was stolen. Your friend Mark has helped you a ton! But you felt like you should do something in return. Thats when you sent him this, the personality of the previous owner was returning, causing you to act like her. A Trashy Milf from the country.
“..excuse me sir but do I know you? I can’t seem to think of who I am..” I say scratching my head, moments before this I came into contact with a unique kind of hopper.. not only did he steal my body and left me as this.. he also wiped my memories of who I used to be.. have I always been this woman?
Me and a Weeaboo friend went on a trip to Japan. I wanted to see and photograph the culture, meanwhile my friend was being super insensitive and rude. When we slept that night I heard something in the hallway. When I woke, I found this girl next too me, but she barely spoke any english. (Rp)
My friend made a machine so we could go back in time. We’d just be in that time as our ancestors. Which didn’t seem to be a problem since our families knew each other for generations. Well somehow I ended up as one of my female relatives, still trying to figure out who he is. Rp
It worked! The spell worked! Now all I had to do was to climax to seal the enchantment. Easier said than done when you're ridding such a big totem for the 1st time! I almost couldn't do it, but contemplating my amazingly perky budding breasts and my own sweet feminine moaning finally got me there!
Pretty and busty babe sucks him off in the car
“Isn’t this enough humiliation?” My sister caught me looking in her closet and she thought I was trying out her clothes. “I swear I was looking for a shoebox! I can’t be a girl all summer!” The doorbell suddenly rang and I saw you smile, “who is it! Sis what did you do!”
Once commercially available, it spread like wildfire. As always, the tech industry was hit first. Entire payrolls underwent gene-therapy. It was like googl3's memo back in 2017 all over again, but now everybody is 34-23-34. In the end I had to and I like it but nude safe spaces are still odd as fuck
I was asked to shift into this body to help a friend catch out and embarrass her cheating boyfriend, Boy is he going to be in for suprise later, I am also hopeful she 'grateful' for my help. Either way i am definitely keeping this form for a while!
"You slipped an xchange pill in my drink again!? Dude, why won't you let me enjoy this trip! You better give me the reverse pill now. I don't wanna spend my last days in here looking as a chick!" (Rp always open)
I've been trying to shed a few holiday pounds this January but I was so embarassed by my weight gain I had to find some way to hide my identity so then came X-Change! One pill and I look like a new woman... I mean it's only for a few hours everyday, so I'm taking the 3-hour ones.
You wanna steal or be stolen by someone hid me up
Yeah no: at 5'3" 103lbs and 30 HHs I may have overdone it, maybe just a little bit. There's a reason why they call them funbags, and let me tell you, even though they're always there and always get in the way, they're definitely a lot of fun! I mean, who isn't a fan of big and ripe overflowing tits?
“Can you please let me in babe” I said freezing. After we had a huge argument last night, you decided to punish me but I never expected it like this. “Come on I’m gonna get sick! You have to let me in! The neighbors are gonna see too!”
I loved my pure and innocent girlfriend but she didn't want to have kids yet to the disappointment of her dad. Today when I entered our bedroom she asked "You ready to breed this?" and then gave herself a slap on her ass. I never wanted her more.
We had to go under witness protection assuming new identities and getting our conciousness into new bodies. The problem is there were only two bodies left to choose from What will be our new identities? (RP)
You enter the Underground swap clinic these bodies are all there in cages! You need a new body quick as the feds are chasing you so you pick one, which one? Baring in mind that the Usc has a bad reputation, you might not get what you want! Comment with your choice and I'll tell you what happens 😉
"So, this is my new room, I guess" While I was doing Swap Class, the girl in my body died in an accident. I was forced to assume her identity and not tell anyone. Despite that, I told you, my best friend
The Life Exchange - Part Eight
And that concludes the presentation, any questions? No, I wasn't always a brunette of 21. Yes, underwent gene therapy. How? As I explained, I was the first test subjects. Because I'm the main researcher and experimented on myself? I'm sorry, do you have any other questions not related by my breasts?
Possession role play
My mom was pretty upset when she caught me watching Asian porn again, instead of doing school work. I went to bed that night wishing she understood why I love them and the way they speak. I went downstairs for breakfast, across from me was an asian women, noodles on the table. "Who are you?" (Rp)
Hi im alice i love meeting new people, talking dirty chats to make have some fun or try something new about this apps or site lets keep in touch to my Snapchat im always online there Seeyou . Its Alicethomp001
“Can you stop staring at my ass!” I turned around to see you looking at it again. There was a party tonight but you had to bring a girl with you to get in. You suggested one of us dress as a girl temporarily until we get in. Since it was your idea I was the girl, “I can’t wait till we’re inside”
Its been hours since i hopped into this body and i still havent moved passed playing with her boobs, well my boobs now... they just feel amazing!
Syndrome was desperate to get back at the Incredible family. So, as a spirit he possessed Elastigirl's body. He planned to ruin Mr Incredible's life, but he's actually kind of enjoying his new life. (RP)
My girlfriend behind my back used our entire vacation money to sign us up for the year swap, I was mad but had to go along with it since they don't offer refunds, shes of course excited for having no periods and getting to pee standing up, now she flashing what Im about to have for the next year
“So this is why you wanted me to come on this vacation with you so much” my sister had been begging me to come on vacation for ages, when I finally agreed she drugged me with x-change, she always wanted a sister, I guess now she has one. For a week at least.
When I agreed to swap with Irene, the cute, kinda MILF-y secretary at my office I figured I would lead a quite simple life. Boy was I wrong! I had no idea how powerful the libido of this body was. Masturbating in the bathroom won’t cut it. I’m gonna invite my husband over on his lunch break.
A figure appeared before me in a strange white void, telling me that the gods had made a slight error in making me, but there was nothing to worry about with my new and correct body already prepared as without warning I woke up… (RP)
One day while you and I were over at Mark's place his mom pulled me aside and told me that she and I were traders. She wanted to try trading for a week. She told me if we traded I could tell you, but not Mark. I accepted, now she's playing video games as me, while I'm sipping her coffee. (RP)
I was in desperate need of money so I put myself on this body rental app. The problem is, I completely forgot to set a price so people can use me for free and I can't change or delete my listing! I just have to hope nobody notices...
Would you Rather swap with Corinna Kopf or Madison Beer. feel free to leave your reasons in chat and leave recommendations for next time.
Mid-Life Crisis Part 4
It's amazing how far CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing has come. They call it the cocoon, it's basically a human sized pod. I went in as a man in his late 50s and emerged with the phenotype of a beautiful woman in her mid 20s. You can see the euphoria when I saw my young ripe body for the first time.
I woke up in a strange void before remembering what had happened, I could remember walking down the street before hearing the sound of a truck breaking and then it all went dark…but now I was given a second reincarnation as a woman~ (RP)
When the great shift hit, I was arresting a prostitute. Unfortunately for me, I became her! Now I'm the laughing stock of my precinct! I'm trying my best to be a good cop but it's hard when you're a well known sex worker... (RP?)
“Okay how do I look?!” I sent you from your old body. Me and childhood best friend got each other for swap class our first semester of college and I’m still trying to figure out being a girl
“So this is what you girls do nowadays? Get all dolled up and go out partying?” I asked as Emily finished my makeup. I’m a swap class teacher in training so I have to swap one lucky student to get some experience before I teach the class. It looks like I’m Sarah for a semester, wish me luck!
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP
I came over to your house to play video games, when I went to the bathroom I bumped into your mom. She asked me if I could help her with a favor, then she showed me a remote that switched my bodies with hers. (RP)
I was a successful fashion designer, but I’d been having trouble with my models... too many egos. So I decided to have you model my designs in a perfect bodysuit. Why didn’t I think of this sooner?
"There's gotta be a better way to cover this up..." Robin said as he grabbed at his new huge ass. Him and Raven had exchanged minds in a magic accident and he waa struggling to get used to it. Little did he know, someone was watching him from the door. (RP?)
“Ok mom. You’ve had your fun. Turn me back now. I’m going out tonight and I can’t go like this!” My mom recently discovered that she was a witch, and has been practicing magic on me. She always says she wanted a daughter, so she turned me into one for the day (RP)
Ever since the great shift put my brother into a girls body, he won’t stop flashing his tits to strangers on the highway (RP)
I recently broke up with my Girlfriend. Her bro and I had a really good relationship. He called me over to show me his newest invention a "costume gun". When I knocked on the door my Girl was opening the door and instead of a sneer, she beamed at me.
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP
After an intense battle with some hollows I rushed into my gigai, afraid it had been too long since I went in it last. But something is wrong this isn't my gigai, and I can't get out. Help! (Rp)
I was always interested in hospitality. It seems fitting that after the Great Shift I would be able to make a living letting tourists play with my big, soft tits. (RP)
Would anybody like to RP this? Dms open.
The House of Change - Part Five
Since I was 2 years old my parents enrolled me in swimming classes, to prevent me from drowning in the water and learn to swim, now after 20 years I can say that it did not help at all, now I have two huge floats💖✨
(M4A) As you slid on your VR helmet, the world around you would fade to black before you'd find yourself in a plain, pink room with Cloud and Tifa getting railed in front of you~ A pop up menu would materialize before you: "Character selection: Cloud | Tifa | Both(Warning, experimental)"
For swap class I had got swapped into the goth girls body and I can't tell anyone who I really am until the end of year when we swap back (rp wanted)
My gf really wanted to try out sleeping with women. Her best friend agreed to let me borrow her body! This will definitely be a new experience.
Nick got home late working after hours in his mom's body, and tried to sneak in without waking anyone up, only to find his body having sex with his gf. Nick wished his dad would fix his machine soon. His mom was having too much fun in his body.
I had recently lost my body to this woman in a game of cards. Today was the day we swapped but I wasn't that worried. "I mean as long as she doesn't avoid me I think i can win my body back." I explain to you with a slight smile (dm 2 rp)
While eating at the new Asian Restaurant in town my friend looked miserable from even being in here. When I talked to him about it I realized he was pretty racist. I felt bad for the staff so I figured how about I give them a new staff member, and even better she barely speaks any english. (Rp)
I lost everything at this dumb fucking casino, I even gambled my body to this stupid old lady! She gave me ten dollars and told me to meet her back here in a week but I lost the ten dollars on slots…such an idiot. I guess I’m going to have to doing something else to earn my money back.
(RP) My friend and I stumbled upon a genie in a magic lamp, and he promised to give us each the lives that we most deeply desired to have. When I awoke, I was in an opulent house. I found you as a beautiful busty woman in another room. "Why do I have such a compulsion to wear these boots?" you ask.
You told me if you ever made it big in the sport, you'd let me sit ringside. You never told me it was as one of the ring girls!
Jack was, well a jackass... he cheated his way through life on broken promises and mistress after mistress until it caught up with him. The last girl he cheated on was a witch and decided he needed some karma... turning him into a woman with desires that would never be fullfilled.
I wasn't really interested in Swap Class, but my parents told me it would give me an appreciation for what others go through... I had no idea boobs were so heavy! But I am learning so much but i have to know did i get first titty drop right?
I found out I could swap bodies with people about 3 years ago, I’m at the point where I’m bored of the body I’ve been in for these past 1 and a bit years. Does anyone want to swap places with me?
After making fun of your ex while we were on a business trip in Mexic, you used your magic to turn me into a copy of her. (Rp always open)
Would you rather swap bodies with Mia Khalifa or Pokimane. feel free to leave your reasons in the comments.
my bully really stepped it up this time and turned me into my mom, how was I to know that his family where some kind of wizard's and knew how to swap people's body, well now he's non stop fucking me. And own me
I started playing this immersive game that would transport you into a digital world that was just as real as our own. Only, I accidentally pressed the wrong button. Instead of the Detective, I'm playing the sissy femme fatale! (Lit RP)
Ever since swap class messed up the swaps, and I found out I'd be living in this body forever, I've been doing my best to live up to my new body. I'd become a lot more shy, a lot cuter... and weirdest of all, super clingy toward you... "Hey can we hang out today?"
What the fuck do you mean you broke the reality device? It's our only way back to our normal average lives, God I can't trust you with anything, now I'm stuck like this in a reality that always thought I was a woman.
I would love someone to play a girl I know or catfish me as certain celebs/tik tok stars/pornstars and become my cum sluts. U want my cock and cum, so come get it. Kik wereartthou1 or wickr wereartthou or snap hellothere24242
I woke up to the sound of my bitch ex’s voice saying, “All you ever wanted was a big tittied bimbo, so I decided to give you one!” This is the body she stuck me in. While I am hot as fuck, I feel so horny, and I’m definitely not as smart as I used to be… I don’t think I’m entirely in control… (RP)
"No dude it didn't work!" I whined over the phone while my mom and aunt were out having a girl's night I found a cool looking rock in my Aunts luggage, I had wished I could join the two of them and transformed into a woman of their age. I called my friend who said to try wishing again, no luck!
While scrolling through the internet I found a live video of just a girl sitting there, talking, but she was so hot. In my unkempt horniness i began to masturbate to the video, and once I finished I suddenly found myself in the room I was looking at, the live video still going!
Body Swap/Possession Discord Server
Someone at my high school has been gender bending guys for fun and I was in the middle of there magic, my parents caught word of the mishap “Hey honey, holy crap the school wasn’t joking!!” My parents yelped after I stepped one foot into the house, this is gonna be good for me, right… right?
My sister had a new show and got herself a bodysuit of herself so that her body double could wear it. She didn't want to do the nude scenes herself. When she left in the morning I snuck into her room because I just had to try it on!
When I wished on that shooting star that my bully at school would stop picking on me swapping into his girlfriends body was not what I meant. It does make me laugh seeing him pick on his girl in my body though and she can't do anything about it.
"Fuck just cum already you asshole" my bully really stepped it up this time, how was I to know that his family where some kind of wizard's and knew how to swap people's body, well now he's non stop fucking me whilst my familys outside watching "fuck did you just come in me you asshole"
After many months of failed tests, i finally managed to move my conscience into Emma the hottie that lives a few dorm rooms down. The first thing i do is put on this sexy body suit and text you a picture and say "hey it finally worked I'm in Emma, so what do say wanna fuck?" (Rp)
PSA: If the Great Shift left a friend or family member comatose and you locate a GIF or video file of unusual size on your hard drive, DO NOT DELETE. It is estimated 0.06% of Shift victims have been exchanged with computer data. You could be deleting them! Please email us the individual immediately.
I was at a resort and paid extra to swap bodies with another guest for the duration of my stay. Surprisingly, I got paired up with this girl. I’ve spent most of my time so far tanning by the beach or masturbating in the hotel room. I wonder who she’s here with. (RP)
I was sick of my friend showing off his girlfriend so I decided to cast a spell to swap our bodies but hit hers instead* (rp)
I should have never let you do magic on me. I only agreed because I thought it was fake. Now I’m your sissy pet and everyone else thinks it’s perfectly normal. (RP)
My girlfriend is a professional at least and had for the first time a tournament abroad. Excited to cheer her on I came with her. However the competition was more fierce than expected and to win she wanted me to posses one of her biggest rivals. It seems however I’m now stuck as her sexy rival…
My girlfriend just sent me to her home to pick up a special package and deliver it to her. She would be staying at her bestie's house the whole weekend. But then who is snapping pictures of herself in my girlfriend's bathroom? "Hey, babe what is going on here?" I said as I walked in on you.
I’ve been married for 3 years and I’m still not close with my father in-law, so when I saw an ad for a free swap I thought it might be a good chance to connect with him. I used it on my mother in-law and ended up learning way too much, when I swapped they were mid way through their morning routine
I needed temp veterinary nurses and my dad and uncle needed work. Good job the clinic stocks industrial strength livestock hormones - the kind they use to turn bulls into dairy cows. Or men into perky nurses. They're so cute I might take them on permanently, assuming they don't sprout udders
I was tired of getting bullied and pushed around by everyone, so I wished for a stronger body. This wasn’t what I expected, but I feel incredibly fit! I could get used to these abs...
The first fuck after a swap is always the best fuck! I don't know what turned me on the most: me indulging lavishly in my wife's goddess-like body or her fucking me gently and pleasuring me the way only she knows how to. I don't think I climaxed, but the entire thing felt like a long sweet orgasm!
"I know we need to pay back the cartel but why do i have to be a girl to sell drugs at a festival?" I asked you as we entered. We owed thousands to a drug cartel so you suggested we sell our product at a festival where you dressed me like a slut to get more sales and so i would do as you asked (Rp)
I’m a immortal wizard who’s bored, so to cause some excitement in the world, I’m going to be swapping random people into celebrity bodies. I can’t wait to watch the chaos I’m sure you’ll all cause. The rules are describe the body you want, I’ll pick a celeb for you to inhabit
“Oh my god! I look amazing! Is that really me? I can’t wait until my friends and family see how pretty I am!!” I say as I stare into the mirror. I’ve always dreamed of being a girl, but never thought it was possible. (RP)
I was locked up for life until I was offered an under the table deal, I go under the knife to test some new type of surgery and they let me walk free from the clink. I just didn't know the surgery was a brain transplant with the warden's comatose daughter...
I was pretty famous in my college, I had my head put on a female's body after a horrible car accident. Luckily people were mainly supportive and hell... even my bullies were easier on me... I'm a tutor right now though and I have to tutor one of them... he's actually nice when you get to know him!
MY bbc bully came to my home to find me like this.
My girlfriend couldn’t make it to my work dinner, but I really needed her help to make a good impression with the bosses. Good thing I had a skinsuit made of her for YOU, my roommate! “Thanks for doing this dude...”
I was locked up for life until I was offered an under the table deal, I go under the knife to test some new type of surgery and they let me walk free from the clink. I just didn't know the surgery was a brain transplant with the warden's daughter...
I took international swap class for this semester and landed in japan. My friend proposed to come all the way to see me, and just arrived today. I’m trying to play it cool… but this girl’s hormones are getting crazy around his huge black figure, and it’s getting me so wet I can barely walk straight!
how can I body swap?
After having fights with your father, who is a plastic surgeon because he didn't see me worthy of you, I suddenly disappeared. At the same time however, your cousin, whom you've never heard about, moved in with you, indefinitely, as your father said.(Rp)
Deepthroat GOAT, Sladki Slivki
Because of the FOSE I now get to understand what its like as a real woman, This is so amazing that I couldn't help but film it for you guys.
WHAT!? Shit, there’s no way an upvote could actually do this right!? I upvoted thinking it would be funny and now I’m here in this blondes body… KEEP SCROLLING DON’T UPVOTE! You’ve been warned.
This hotel is really freaking me out. First off as soon as my girlfriend and I entered our room we switched bodies! Then, when we tried to complain the floor opened up and pulled her down! I have to find her and get out of this nightmare!
My best friend came from a rich family. Meanwhile we didn’t have it bad at home but it was nothing compared to them. His sister however was tired of the wealth and expectations and wanted to swap with me to live a simpler life. I might now be a girl but I was not gonna pass up this opportunity.
Unfortunately I suck at taking tests, but fortunately I had a good friend offer to take it for me. What I didn’t know is that she had to do it in my body, and now I’m on my knees trying to keep the immersion for her boyfriend…
Reborn in Another World - Part Three
As i fell asleep last night i wished for a strong fit body, This morning i woke up feeling a little different but definitely fitter! wonder what my friend will think.
After I drank the tea that my friend's mother brought me, I felt a kind of weakness. After a few seconds I lost consciousness, and when I woke up I was in the living room of my friend's house and I was in his mom's body. She stole my body!(RP)
“I think he’s coming” I said to my watch quietly. I was an agent who was trying to catch a mob boss. We knew he loved flirting with younger woman and that he came to the park at this time every week. All I had to do was get close to him, “he sees me”
Finally back in control of my body after having it used and abused for weeks. Hopefully I can keep control for a little while. :P
(TG) I always heard that sex feels a lot better for girls,they even do it with their mouth?!...I'm kinda curious on this and I wanna experience it myself so...I'll let you transform me into a girl so you can teach me how good is it to be a girl! I won't love dicks in the end for sure...right?
My mom had made a mistake and was going to be reprimanded the next day. I didn't want her to be hurt so i hopped into her. I might cause another mistake and wear something more skimpy.
Me and my mistress were special, a spark like nothing I ever felt with my wife, the only thing keeping us apart was the fear a divorce lawyer would take me to the cleaners. That was until the world was struck by the FOSE, I was in a hotel when I nutted inside her sealing my fate.
Part 2: My wife was out of town this week giving me plenty of time to really break this suit in, I mean spending the week in it just sounded like a dream come true. Everything was going great too until I found myself unable to find the zipper, now I need to find a way out before my wife gets home...
Ooh! That's a nice and juicy schlong you've got! Really? That's funny 'cause I decided to get this cute little clit, instead. It's 1/8th the size and like x1000 the fun, but I'm sure you already know that! Yeah no, I get it: if you wanna fuck, a long meaty tool will do! Luckily I'm a size queen now!
"I know we need to pay back the cartel but why do i have to be a girl to sell drugs at a festival?" I asked you as we entered. We owed thousands to a drug cartel so you suggested we sell our product at a festival where you dressed me like a slut to get more sales and hopefully get laid aswell(Rp)
"What the HELL?" I shout looking down at the exposed tits hanging on my chest. I was robbing a house that I thought no one was home but turns out their daughter came home from college waiting to surprise her boyfriend, swapping their bodies with a spell that activated when someone walks in.
Earth has come under the attack of an alien invasion. These aliens take over human women and turn them into futas, to be used to assist in the invasion. Their latest victim is this news reporter, who got to close to the fighting and got taken over. (RP)
My girlfriend is a professional at least and had for the first time a tournament abroad. Excited to cheer her on I came with her. However the competition was more fierce than expected and to win she wanted me to posses one of her biggest rivals. It seems however I’m now stuck as her sexy rival…
I was surprised when the daughter of one of my coworkers approached me about getting a legal swap. Apparently she wanted to jump forward in life and thought I was the perfect candidate. After swapping I went to have dinner with my new family. Hopefully they don’t mind that I’m braless.
Kriss Gets Crazy, Squirts And Quivers
Ever since I took control of Dove Cameron’s body life has become so much fun! Where before I had to dress up in secret now I can try on whatever I want whenever! With my sugar daddy paying for everything all I have to do is be pretty and smile at him!
After making a sexist joke to my girlfriend, she got mad and decided to swap us. "B-Babe, it was a joke. Swap us back!" (Rp always open.)
I dragged you out of the kitchen and tried not to scream your head off. “Your parents are the worst people”. I agreed to pretend to be your date so they wouldn’t bug you but I could barely handle it. “Why are they asking about marriage and sex and if I can cook! Tell them to stop!”
When me and my ex broke up two years ago she switched our bodies. Since then I have been living at her. She moved away to the big city in my body while I remained behind in our rural area. This week I got a message that she wanted to talk. Now I’m waiting for my old body at the train station.
“Oh wow, that’s… round.” After losing a bet to my girlfriend in a trivia game I was forced to put on a stupid Tinkerbell costume. She never told me it was gonna turn me into a girl! …but I feel cute actually
My great aunt passed and as i was going through her things, I came across a recipe, that night I tried it, as I finished, my body became hot as I transformed from a man to a beautiful brunette woman, I couldn't help myself and take a look in the mirror as my neighbour walked in.
After an accident at the chemical plant changed me into a girl, I had a bit of trouble being intimate with my girlfriend. But one day she came home with a strapon and I was so excited...I just had expected that I'd be the one wearing it!!! (Lit RP)
Amazing rack
I pulled my hair up and fixed my hair like you said. I agreed to do your stupid experiment for a week because I owed you but I was getting tired of it. “I’m the best brother in the world, now tell me what’s next for me to do”
I once was a cute but chubby blonde girl so in love with Sean I couldn't focus. I made a deal with a witch to switch our bodies, one way. Unfortunately I found out Layla was once Lyle, and you couldn't be more happy in my body (RP open!)
I was at the pool and I wasn’t paying attention so I wandered into the women’s changing rooms. A woman saw me and thought I was a pervert so she said why don’t I make you more at home” and changed me into this! What should I do?!
Free bodys!!!
I was at the beach with my friend when I fell asleep! He came back to find this girl laying where his friend was but really it’s me! Worst thing is I can’t tell him who I really am and he’s definitely hitting on me! (Rp)
My little sister (middle) laughed and groped my chest. When one of her friends bailed on her spring break plans she used her magic to transform me into an exact copy of her for the week, she was pretty proud of her work, her friend on the right wasn't even aware of anything weird.
You never expected a ghost to be living inside the supermarket. You also didn’t expect it to shoot out of a milk carton and possess you. It then started to behave like this, intending on ruining your reputation so it can take your body for itself. (RP)
“Omg why did you tell him I like him?!” I say blushing bright red “I don’t even like him that way…” I say to my best friend avoiding eye contact. After my shift into Madeleine Petsch’s body I had to readjust to being a high school senior but this time as a woman.It’s a lot more fun as a woman…
The Great Shift had been amazing. It had been just over a week since me and my girlfriend swapped bodies and it had been an amazing role swap. After the swap my girlfriend took charge of the situation getting us out of the chaos of the city to her parents beach house. I feel so lucky...
My gf is babysitting some brat tonight and she invited me to come over after the kid’s bedtime. Apparently the kid didn’t want to sleep and tried to steal my gf’s body using a swapping spell as I arrived. He stole my body instead, and now I’m in my gf’s body and she’s the brat. Tbh I’m enjoying it
Take my body
My Grandmother wanted to feel young again, so I agreed to switch bodies with her for a week. The only problem is she she has disappeared in my body, it's been nearly a month. I am now stuck as a 62-year-old woman.
Yep, that’s me on the right. My buddies and I were bored at our university way up north. It was all just snow and studies. We decided to swap with a couple of college girls in Florida to “enhance” our college experience! It’s going great so far!
Where should i take your cum load? (f) (24)
"Yeah I don't think there's like any other chick I'd want to swap with, I got super lucky!" Swap class paired me with a girl, which I was horrified by, But then I got into my new body and explored a little, now I'm used to being a cute brunette! Which is good... since I'm stuck and I don't know yet!
“Mom! Help. I don’t know what happened. I was minding my own business and just turned into a chick.” I certainly wasn’t going to tell her that I went into my sister’s room and tried on some of her clothes. (RP)
I had been jerking one off to belle delphine when I suddenly passed out when I woke up I was in her body (rp)
The multi generational family trip to Exchange Island was off to a weird start. For one thing my dad and grandpa got put into the bodies of these amazingly beautiful woman and weren’t afraid to show it off. It was especially awkward since mom and I got put in the bodies of hunky guys.
I was really starting to enjoy dressing up as Kevin’s mom... this suit is so realistic, and it has me feeling so hot and horny!
One day I was saying that I thought that it would be fun to be a Vtuber. When I said it I meant it in terms of a career, not that the next day I would wake up with a completely new body. I'm not really sure what to do now that I'm like this now
I was invited to a friend's pool party, things were suppose to be lit and I even brought booze... everything was going great until this babe bumped into me on my way to the pool and I found my old body had vanished and somehow I was inside or her's...
"Jeez Em, you were hiding such a perfect bod this whole time?" I ask my best friend Emily. We decided to swap for a week with no real rules which included facetiming while changing. (Rp)
I needed money so when the swap clinic was paying for people to test there products I was in, it was there new tit drink made for women who wanted bigger tits, well they wanted to see what happen if a man took it and it made the change permanent, now I have a steady income doing commercials for it
I have a rare case of second puberty where my breast growth is rapid &amp; very expansive, the doctors prescribed me 10 min a day on this balance roller to help my body get used to the new heavy weight being added to my front, they said I have at least 2 more cup sizes to go and then I can stop with it
I wasn’t expecting the experiment my sister did to turn out like this! I should have never agreed to be her ginny pig. Not only am I a girl now but I’m a naga as well, what am I supposed to tell my best friend? He’ll be here any minute now (Dm to rp)
After getting kidnapped by some men, they took me to some kind of hospital, where I was held down and injected strange fluids. I could feel myself changing, but I had no idea what I've become.(Rp always open)
The store my gf ordered from sent the same thing twice. I was trying to be funny and I put it on the extra one and it turn me into a girl! Now we are matching and we don’t know how to turn me back! I guess I’ll enjoy it as it lasts! (RP)
I got jealous of u/Spacetime_hood's face and body so decided to possess her and keep her body all to myself. I just started an only onlyfans account and currently getting ready to film my first video, wish me luck.
Today was the first day I was going anywhere since the great shift. Being turned into a girl was really hard for me but... I couldn't miss this! Our favorite band was playing and I really wanted to go, so I came to your house and waited for you. "oh! Hey... do I look okay?" I ask, giving you a twirl
“Give you the remote back? Sorry man but this is too much fun. I’ve always dreamed to bang Ms.Yamashita and you’re now a perfect copy of her! And since you’re begging me not to mess with your sexual preferences, guess I’ll just have to keep increasing your libido instead… Getting itchy down there?”
“Give you the remote back? Sorry man but this is too much fun. I’ve always dreamed to bang Ms.Yamashita and you’re now a perfect copy of her! And since you’re begging me not to mess with your sexual preferences, guess I’ll just have to keep increasing your libido instead…”
We like to watch our subjects’ eyes as they give in and their new body takes over.
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS MY BODY AND LIVE MY LIFE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP
When I swapped with my gf I got into… trouble…
When I woke up this morning, my room looked smaller for some reason. I then looked in the mirror and saw that not only did I get older but I also became a girl. I then got some clothes and left as soon as I can, I couldn't let mommy and daddy see me like this. What do I do now? (Roleplay Wanted)
I lost a bet to my friend, I had to dress as a bunny girl for a day. As I pulled the tights up my legs became smooth and shorter, as I pulled them up to my midriff I felt my dick shrunk away into a new pussy, as I pulled the onepiece over my torso I felt a pair of breasts growing to fill it. Uh oh
I just stole my girlfriends little sisters body and damn.. I wish I did this sooner. I can’t get enough of myself and just wanted to show off for you guys! I hope she doesn’t wake up in my body..
Your girlfriend had been possessed by a demon, but luckily you managed to get a priest to exorcise her. Strangely however, she hasn’t been the same ever since and seems to be changing a lot as a person. (RP)
I was tired of seeing her at the gym, her life is just perfect, she only works out and go out at night to have fun, well obviously if you have that body you can do whatever you want, so I decided to take her body and live her wonderful life, and i can tell you, it was the best thing ive done...
I've been noticing how weird Chelsea one if the hottest girls in school has been acting. She came in one day not looking as prim and proper with a regular black tank top. I also noticed shes been looking at me more. Now shes approaching me this lunch. She came up and said "sup bro" to me. (RP)
“Hey sis what’s this soap you bought?!!” I scream for my sister as I scream from the tub in my new female form “And why the hell am I a woman now, and I look oddly like Mia Khalifa” playing with my new assets as she walks through the door in Aww her jaw dropped to the ground
Dm me for rp
Suddenly you feel a tug on your body as you enter the dressing room, shifting and changing rapidly until you look in the mirror and are met with this face. Another victim of the mirror swap. "You okay in there?" (Rp)
There’s this woman who spent years as a gold digger, stealing money from desperate guys and vanishing when they wanted sex. I was one of these guys. When I realized I was conned, I used a swap spell on her. Now it’s time to repay everyone, starting with "me". "Who's the desperate one now?"
My ‘girlfriend’ had been acting strange lately. Suddenly she enjoyed watching football and beer while normally she would be hanging around the mall. When I confronted her it started to make sense. A stranger was in her body and had been hopping around. Now I am her while he ran of with my body…
After another long day at work, I wished my life was better and more exciting. The next thing I know, it’s the middle of the day and I’m outside. More than that, I’m a girl wearing a tight dress. I feel my phone vibrating, except the feeling is coming from inside me. Maybe it’s not my phone… (RP)
‘Bro seriously. Stop doing that, I don’t care about... just stop would you?!’ I was fine with my best friend’s female swapversion therapy. But it was 5 months in and it was getting really hard to remember he was a friend and nothing more. Plus he won’t stop showing off!
While I was cleaning, I found this bodysuit in my dad’s closet. I couldn’t resist trying it on and snapping a few pics! Hopefully he doesn’t find out...
Post FOSE life has been very strange, my brother is a huge perv and he was jerking off to our step sister. He's liking his new body a lot and I can't lie she is pretty hot and I can stop staring at her best feature... her ass.
"Get off me!!! I'm not giving you your body back Scarlett. I'm not even your assistant I just swapped with her to get access to you. Now if you'll excuse me I've got an award show to attend &amp; rumour is there's half a dozen actresses who'd love to spend the night with me."
It pays off sometimes to have ghosts as friends. These two may look like beautiful women but they are actually my two part spirit part human friends. And as you can see they like their new bodies, were about to hit the club. (RP)
“OMG what happened to me!!” I was so excited to show off my new boots when I got turned into this younger girl in the parking garage. My new boots got longer and narrower. I’m now more bubbly and peppy. And it feel natural can someone help me figure this out. “New boots!! New me!!” post on snap (RP)
“Emergency! Come over as soon as possible!”- when I got that text from my best friend I rushed over assuming his girlfriend broke up with him. I would have never imagined that he had just gone through his second puberty! The change made him so horny he couldn’t speak so I had to help out
My favorite part of hopping a new body is always getting to her house and exploring what she's packing for the first time. This one's got quite the ass don't you think?
A Cake Day Body Swap
lets take our two winners and see who wins. Would you rather swap with Scarlett Johansson or Belle Delphine. feel free to talk in chat.
When I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me with some plastic surgeon, I went and confronted him. But that was the last time you've heard of me. Weeks later, her dad remarried, and my ex loves her, but her daughter seems scared of her
I was struck with a wild ammount of hormones raging as my body changes, the fem-flu was in full force. The after effects on my body were noticable as even my race changed, a special strain of it I had to assume. Fuck I'm really horny now...
I pulled my hair up and fixed my hair like you said. I agreed to do your stupid experiment for a week because I owed you but I was getting tired of it. “I’m the best brother in the world, now tell me what’s next for me to do”
I turned back to look at you. After you won a bet against me, I’d have to go to a date as a girl. I felt a weird vibration and saw you playing with a rmwote, “hey! What did you do? I felt that shock!” I didn’t know why you found this so funny. “Why are you even doing this”.
“What the hell did you just do man!” “You’re such a lazy slob I thought it would be good to put you to work…. As my girlfriend” “What the fuck man!” “Don’t swear baby, it’s not ladylike”
When you told me you'd be working out more and been drinking these growth protein shales to make you more attractive you didn't mention what was growing and how feminine you'd become.. I think you had in mind a home workout... kik me tootrue1234
I wished to have a hot body. This wasn’t exactly what I had in mind.
I recently was swapped with a dog and this dog is getting a little too used to acting like me and fooling my family and friends…
Every year there was a huge wizard convention where every wizard could show off their newest spells and trade them between each other. My Hot babe spell allowed someone to transform themselves into a hot babe. So far it has been a huge success!
My mom needed a break from all her work parties, so she sent me in her place in this bodysuit of her! The way all her coworkers are ogling me, I’m starting to think she might be the office slut...
"Oh! Morning... can we talk about last night?... yeah, I wanna stay like this, with you." After my drink got spiked with an X-change permanent, you took care of me for the night... and I definitely 'took care' of you too... the morning after, I decided I didn't want to go back to being male...
My best friend is successful, rich, has the perfect life, but every weekend he pays his latina maid a fortune to inhabit her body, while we have an agreement that I wear his body, live his life, fuck his fiance. He says being her is relaxing, but I swear he gets off to it when I treat him like trash
“Give you the remote back? Sorry man but this is too much fun. I’ve always dreamed to bang Ms.Yamashita and you’re now a perfect copy of her! And since you’re begging me not to mess with your sexual preferences, guess I’ll just have to keep increasing your libido instead… Getting itchy down there?”
For some reason, my girlfriend was very nervous about letting me meet her parents. I pushed and she eventually agreed. But she told me not to make jokes about her dad. I was confused but agreed. When a young woman in white answered the door, my gf ran up to her and said “hey dad! I love that top”(RP
Two months after the shift and I've yet to get used to seeing my reflection in the mirror, I was caught in the rare father daughter swap. My marriage had fallen apart and my daughter wanted nothing to do with me... but today was my breaking point and I finally gave in.
A witch created a painting of a beautiful blue haired woman before auctioning it with the subtext that whoever bought the painting would encounter the woman inside of it. In truth the curse would change a friend into the woman in the painting.. I didn't know this when my hair started to turn blue.
I got jealous of u/Spacetime_hood's face and body so decided to possess her and keep her body all to myself. I just started an only onlyfans account and currently getting ready to film my first video, wish me luck.
Mom was convinced you were cheating on her, she just had to know. Her solution was to send me, she let me use her autocloset when she went on a trip so I could test him. I've been strutting myself over the beach trying to catch your eye but...I didn't count on how I'd feel when you actually saw me
Which bridesmaid would you possess and why?
Adam was bummed that Swap Class ended. Some how his buddy Eric and his gf were paired and the two did all the things his gf would never do. He looked at his phone while eating with his real gf. At least he'll have the memories of what he and Eric did.
It was a while before we found knew the Great Shift had landed some people. They'd been digitised, trapped within GIFs, forced to live out moments of existence cycling for eternity. We try to locate and extract as many as we can but, after two years of neverending 3-second orgasms, his mind is gone
I couldn't believe it, my own step-daughter called her mother a bitch! I swapped myself with her as a punishment even though it was her wedding day for a stern hand knows no exception. "Stop crying and help me zip up" I commanded my old body.
Day 4 and the changes have already left me unrecognizable to my friends and family, this fem-flu was no joke with the variety of strains it was anyone's guess what you could get. People need to stay safe these days, I'll be locking myself in my room for that reason alone... and no other reason.
As I woke up to get ready for school, I saw that not only was I in a different house, but I different body too. I was no longer a boy, now I'm a woman. I don't know what to do about this, can someone help me, I miss my home and my parents. (Roleplay Wanted)
"Help! I don't really know what's going on but I just woke up in the middle of nowhere in this new body! I kept hearing about this Great Shift that everyone was talking about but never took it seriously. I don't know what to do now." (RP)
My brother is spending a year dead for tax reasons, and had his soul transferred into a doll in the interim. His fiancé is less than impressed. "Ugh, these things are so degrading to women. I can't stand looking at him. Will you take him off my hands?" she asks, giving him one last farewell kiss
Sunny Ray – Cosplay erotic dancing bunny girl that shows off her pink nipples Video
This boy wants to trade with a random stranger. Let him know where the transfer machine will be set up (33)
(M4A) "Just cum already~" You'd whine as your best friend furiously pumped his hips. You were trying to unlock every achievement for Alder Online, the last one remaining being "Start a Family". You set the sensitivity meter to 1 for the session, but it seemed like your partner needed a higher value~
I love when my family leave me home alone for the weekend. It gives me an opportunity to put on one of my skin suits without getting in any trouble. I think I’ll wear mom today (rp)
The FOSE was brutal, so many people got exposed. Worst of all was me, your father and a Christian talk show host, in one day my family realized I was a fraud with a goth kink. And now I have to convince you to take over for me so we don't lose the company
"L-Look... Brandon I only wanted to see what it was like to be a woman... I didn't want to date you or anything!" I tried to plead with a guy I... admittedly didn't know very well. I just wanted to see what being a girl was like but now he won't turn me back!
My girlfriend is polite and smart, but you took over her body and decided to change her life and appearance
"I don't thinking boxing is for me..." I said nervously my pink gloves feeling big and cartoonish on my hands. Before I was a hulking and promising male boxer... Now I feel like i'll break a nail with one punch... I need some help for sure... (RP)
You love the new body you were swapped into except for one thing. Now you're only 4'0 and pretty weak so you're going to need a lot of help throughout your day. (RP)
After my parents found out that you and I always got in trouble partying together, they forced me to cut you off. Nothing was going to stop me from going on the beach tripped we planned since last month. I used my phone to possess your little sister and texted you these pictures. (RP)
Sloppy BJ
Jean grey had ended up getting teleported to another dimension thanks to an experiment gone wrong. It was there where she encountered me, a psionic parasite. She tried to resist with all of her might, but in the end, I would win and take her body as my own. (RP)
would you rather swap with Megan Fox or Scarlett Johansson. talk to each other in chat.
Working private security these days was nothing like it used to be, no more suits and ties; these day we wear a different type of suit to blend in. Here I was pretending to be some CEO's daughter in the backseat to keep a closer eye on him. It only takes a second for something to go wrong.
I can’t believe how easy my life is now that I’m a famous tiktoks! Shifting into Bella’s body was the best decision of my entire life, everyday all I do is, put some makeup on film a tiktok then take a dick! Normally it’s my dads dick… he doesn’t know that he’s fucking his son
When you told me you had been taking growth pills to make yourself more to my liking you didn't mention that it made... everything on you grow bigger... kik me tootrue1234
After the Great Shift I found myself in the body of a tourist visiting my city. Problem is, her visa is about to expire. What do I do now? (RP)
I was walking down the street outside of some apartments when I heard a weird ethereal voice in my head say "I wish I was someone else" suddenly I was in a room with a thing in my mouth and something wet on my crotch. I heard another voice "I wish she would cum" and I moaned as I orgasmed hard(rp)
With the amount of sex I’ve been having in Sophie’s body it was bound to happen, I haven’t been able to switch back since I got pregnant, I never want to switch back now anyway.
Peter was on a mission with the rest of the avengers when things went wrong, he was left in a coma alongside the black widow, eventually Dr. Strange was able to revive them but something went wrong with the spell, when he woke up he wasn't himself, he was a busty Russian spy!
"This is so cool" you said to yourself as your body finished its transformation. You had found a reality altering spell and changed it so that we were born as girls. I however didn't know this was happening and groaned in pain as my body changed on a zoom call with my girlfriend. (Rp)
"This is so cool" you said to yourself as your body finished its transformation. You had found a reality altering spell and changed it so that we were born as girls. I however didn't know this was happening and groaned in pain as my body changed on a zoom call with my girlfriend. (Rp)
[ Removed by Reddit ]
The two smartest girls in school have had a rivalry their whole lives. When they paired up for swap class they both had the same idea, ruin the others reputation. Now they are both whoring themselves out and flunking all their courses.
Of course I easily believed you when you lied to me and told me cum was the only cure for the gender curse set on me, magic was your forte I was just usually around for the ride... but eventually I'd have to figure it was a lie.
My friends and I just finished getting ready for the party. We each popped an xchange and got dressed in clothes we borrowed from my sister’s room. “Hey dad, can you drive us to Russell’s house? He’s throwing a huge party!” (RP)
In a battle against an insane mage, this female monk got separated from her party via a portal and ended up inside my domain. I hadn’t had such a vessel in years so I could not just pass up this opportunity. (RP)
We used the potion to turn into the hottest girls in the school. My friends said it was so that we could see them nude and take some pictures but once we changed it became apparent they had other plans. "Engorgio" I heard as my chest began to swell, then their hands started going everywhere.
Transform me into your dog
M4A Celeb Rp Prompts
Testing
In a failed spell attempt i ened up forcing my soul out of my body and into Femalegirl001's I can feel her soul trying to take control but it can't. My face feels soft, my tits perky, and these closes feel tight and revealing. I need to figure out how to get out but first, I might look at my tits(rp
[ Removed by Reddit ]
Every few days i turn into the image of my bullys wet dream and fuck im starting to like it~ (RP)
I was heading towards the gym showers after my squats when suddenly a bright white flash blinded me and I was staring at my own body walking toward the showers from some dude I followed them and walked into the locker room THAT ASSHOLE IS GETTING FUCKED BY SOMEONE IN MY BODY!
My birthday was coming up and I was complaining to my friends saying girls always have better birthday party’s. That’s when Emily chimed in saying leave it up to her to give me the best birthday ever. This is not what I was expecting. Rp
I swapped with my student Mia after there was a dropout for Swap Class. She quickly seduced me, she loved being in my body pumping load after load into my nubile body. By the end of the semester I was pregnant &amp; starting to show so we faked swapping back then we ran away to start a new live together
Me and my girlfriend used to swap bodies all the time until she died in my body so now I'm stuck in hers (rp)
Sometimes, the best part was making the girl forget everything and going back to your body. “Alright,” she said, totally oblivious to what was on her face, “I don’t know why you stopped me, but I’ll be going now.”
I had done it! I’d been this e-girl a whole week and nobody had noticed. Her fans love ‘me’ and my content more than ever! That was, until a message popped up on my IG. ‘I know your secret...’, my heart froze, who the fuck was this? ‘What are you talking about? x’ I replied...
“Holy shit,” you said, panting, “Are you sure this was the first time you’ve done this?” From your crush’s body, I just smiled and licked my lips. You didn’t know it was really me inside, and you definitely didn’t know how many girls I’d done this with before &gt;:) (RP)
See that necklace? Yeah it gave me a curse… my mom said it was a family heirloom which is given to the oldest of each generation. Turns out it will swap their gender. Everyone outside of my family thinks I’ve always been like this too! (RP)
"Dude! This explains why Ashley Masterson always wore big hoodies to school. She was trying to hide these babies." Eric texted his buddy after coming home from Swap Class inside the body of the shy nerdy girl. "But now that I have her body for a month, it's time to show them off!"
Renting out your body was hardly rare these days, I mean a single chip in the neck can give you thousands in flush cash. I was CEO of my own company who just loved renting bodies when I was out of town, I mean the best way to learn about a place is to become a local!
I’m kind of ashamed to say this. I don’t even know if I should be asking you even though your a witch. I got knocked out so badly in a bar fight my friend thought I didn’t deserve to be a man anymore and used her witch ability to turn me into a girl. Can you please turn me back? This is how I look
College was fun and all, but I wanted something more exciting... so I arranged a swap with this sorority girl I tutored. Her life is amazing!
"Where am i? And what happened?" I asked as i sat up. Yesterday i was a male scientist working on a synthetic lifeform to allow people to work in hazardous enviroments risk free. But as i was testing it the chip to control it malfunctioned frying my brain which trapped me in the female test body(Rp)
When I stole my sister's body I'd planned on becoming a lesbian, girls are always throwing themselves at her, I thought I'd be easy. Unfortunately I didn't understand the spell, in order to maintain the swap I need cum, DAILY. I still sleep with girls but to be honest cum is what I live for now
“I am now taking boyfriend applications” I said to the stream chat blushing a little bit “I’m looking for a big dick to take away some of my stress!” I said thinking about my life. Ever since I switched into valkyraes body I have been over stressed, streaming everyday,photo shoots. So stressful!
Getting my body stolen has been the greatest thing to happen to me! When I was in my 20s my little sister decided she was tired of elementary school and swapped our bodies. I was going nowhere as the old me and now I’m a senior in college about to graduate with a buisness degree
Ive always wanted to become a woman and have big tits. So when I found the traitswapper device i knew this was my chance. I rushed into my sisters room and felt my chest expand while hers deflated. Guess i should start searching for the rest of my fantasy body.
“Do you like my makeup?” I asked smiling at you. It has been two days since I’ve been in this body and I have never been happier. “Do you think I’m pretty? Because I feel pretty!” I say giggling
Jean grey had ended up getting teleported to another dimension thanks to an experiment gone wrong. It was there where she encountered me, a psionic parasite. She tried to resist with all of her might, but in the end, I would win and take her body as my own. (RP)
went to exchange/swap island alone and landed in this body and wanna have some fun! (rp)
I don’t like admitting that I’ve always had a crush on your stepsister, but she’s beautiful. I made a wish that I could get into her pants. I didn’t actually expect anything to happen and I certainly didn’t want to be her! Now I have to act natural. (RP)
“I am now taking boyfriend applications” I said to the stream chat blushing a little bit “I’m looking for a big dick to take away some of my stress!” I said thinking about my life. Ever since I switched into valkyraes body I have been over stressed, streaming everyday,photo shoots. So stressful!
Celebrating my cake day in style! Why didn’t any of you tell me you get a real bodyswap for your cake day?! Meanies. Anyway, I’m chilling pretty comfortably right now. I got a chick with a hot tub... among other things. Slide in my DMs if you wanna chat 😉
Really? Well I guess it's not so bad being a scene girl but wait what are you doing? Put your cock away
[ Removed by Reddit ]
My sister and girlfriend agreed to a swap bodies to see what life was like for each other. The first week was weird but it's only gotten weirder. My sister now gf won't leave me alone, practically begging for sex. (RP)
"Okay, i did your tests, i made detective, so can i please get my body back? I dont want to be a chick, not now not ever" you were too lazy to do all your work, so you swapped with me, the smartest guy you know, now you're refusing to swap back. "Please swap me back..." (RP)
I started a job at a “special” cleaning company. They made me sign a form and as soon as I did I became this! They just dropped me off at my first house!
This new suit was amazing! I looked exactly like a hot, sexy cheerleader. The only real drawback is how incredibly sweaty I am inside the suit... time to cool off!
"Ahh! I'm sick of this fucking hair getting in my face!" Ever since the FOSE swapped me with the most popular girl at our college, it's been fun for you to watch me struggle. I was so cute now, and the only real way to describe me was a princess... aside of course from how I acted
Whenever my Stepdaughter had a hot date planned I would find a reason to punish her and swap our bodies. I hope this didn't make me a bad stepdad.
The worst part of being a werewoman is undoubtedly the food, every full moon I go out turned into a woman looking for a cumshot, I hate waking up with this disgusting taste in my mouth..
My friend couldn’t keep a girlfriend because he lacked self confidence. I decided to help him out by buying a bottle of exchange and downloading tinder. Just a few dates he should be more confident in himself. Rp
(M2F4F)"Miss Widow?... Why do I need this body to train with you?" Peter asked Natasha. Peter was going to be trained by Natasha... But for that he needed to be female so she had him take her little sister's body... (RP)
After taking over pokimane’s body I took a whole different approach to live-streaming. I switched to a different website and I offered people to pay 2000$ per stream. Depending on the day I would either get fucked live or I would give joi to whoever donated.
Since my childhood my parents introduced me to The Cult a mysterious society of occultism and magic, every 100 years, the son of The Guardian inherits the position, and a woman under 20 must become his wife, without women of that age I was forced to become his wife and breed the future guardian RP
My daughter had a history for going over the top at fancy dress parties so the minute I found out that's where she was I hopped her body ....... Maybe this attention isn't so bad after all
I have to say, I'm doing amazing for my first undercover assignment. That mobster truly believes I'm his wife! It helps that the swapper gave me some of her personality and traits. Wonder when we're going to arrest him, we have plenty of evidence and I'm worried it's getting too easy to be his wifey
Your mom passed away suddenly and I was down on my luck. So when you offered me a lifelike suit to step into her pampered life, I could hardly refuse...
My friend always had something for makink weird drinks and stuff, he once came up with a verry weird pink looking drink, he said he bought some ingredients in a new store nearby he didn't say what was in it, i took a big sip from it and next thing i know i was emilia clarke (RP)
You were the victim of workplace bullying, all because you weren't the best salesman. The top man lorded that over you each and every day. You wished the harassment would end and your wish was granted, at a price. You found yourself in the body of Felicity, the girlfriend of your hated coworker.
You might ask yourself why a guy like me enjoys being a woman so much. I mean a married man with a secret hobby isn't uncommon, but if my wife ever found out about my secret weekends it would surely end in a divorce...
My friend couldn’t keep a girlfriend because he lacked self confidence. I decided to help him out by buying a bottle of exchange and downloading tinder. Just a few dates he should be more confident in himself. Rp
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
Sorry no refunds
A very pink life
with the use of magic you are able to control nina dobrev's body long enough to get her to your bed. Before she wakes you are able to undress her and put her in bed bondage. Do you dominate the helpless nina dobrev?
"Dude, what're you...doing? Why do I feel so...ugh, my head's spinning..." I leaned against the sink to steady myself as you began to chant in latin. Not believing the spell you'd found on an obscure website would work, you thought it would be fun to try not realizing you had no way to reverse it RP
Look at her so proud of the facial her bro gave her
It's the first time we've managed to get together for a sleepover since the great shift, our friend group got massively tossed around so things have been weird, I swapped with my aunt and you guys were all lucky enough to stay as men, I hope things stay cool between all of us
Ever since my work accident, I've been having to learn how to live as a woman... working for X-change had it's risks, but I never thought I'd encounter that risk, permanently femininity... at least they paid me massive amounts to stay quiet...
My son was always talking about this streamer he watched, I guess she's pretty popular. I tried to watch one of her streams to understand him better and she said I was her 500,000th follower, and she sent me this suit thing. I tried it on and now I look just like her, but I can't get it off!
Sex game
My little brother needed a date to impress a girl he had a crush on... To make her jealous... Unfortunately when your brother also happens to be a magic jerk! He doesn't need to search far when he made me into his girlfriend... (RP)
Kll Hayley Atwell
“Are you taking a photo? Perv!”. The best part about being a shapeshifter is teasing my roommates constantly! (AMA)
The other day I’d bought a magic canvas, anything I paint on to it comes true, Let’s just say I’ve decided to have some…fun with this ability
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
Ever since swap class put me in the body of this girl I refused to shower naked. I tried it once but the new sensations were overwhelming. This was the best compromise I could find.. I can’t do this for the whole semester can I? (RP)
Thinking about doing would you rather questions on here lets see how it goes. our first one would you rather swap bodies with Belle Delphine or Addison Rae. if you want leave reason why in comments.
My girlfriend was passed at me for calling her nerdy sister fat so she decided to swap our bodies for the week. Now im stuck as this tub of lard and my old body won't stop pinching me, making fun of me, and taunting me by kissing my girlfriend now sister. The worst part, I'm jelous of her (rp)
I had been begging a girl to send me nudes and when she finally did it started to swap our bodies so now I'm stuck in hers (rp)
My high school best friend disappeared eight years ago, but in 2021, I was contacted by a Ukrainian woman who claimed to be that friend, magically reincarnated in her body. In light of the impending invasion by Russia, I decided to marry her to get her safely back in the U.S.A. Our life awaits us...
After drinking the coffee I'd made for you, you changed... quite dramatically. I was looking at a gorgeous woman holding the empty mug! "So, how was the coffee?" I ask you with a smirk plastered across my face. (RP)
What if someone saw me? The thought terrified me, but my legs wouldn't budge. Yet I savoured the delightful hardening of my nipples. I was so confused and frightened, but my groin ached expectantly in fiery bliss as my eager fingers kept undressing me. The fear felt just so good. I couldn't fight.
(RP) My high school best friend disappeared right years ago, but in 2021, I was contacted by him, magically reincarnated into the body of a Ukrainian woman. In light of the impending invasion by Russia, I decided to marry HER in order to get her safely back in the U.S.A. Our life awaits us...
Pick one girl
There were signs everywhere. “Do not trespass! Cove forbidden”, so naturally, our curiosity was piqued. The cove was one of the more peaceful places I’ve seen. I look at you and giggle. “OMG dude, you have something stuck to your butt. And you’re wearing a bikini. You totally look like a girl.” (RP)
“I’m so freaking out dad!” I say to my dad while I start to walk towards him “like what am I going to do?! I have no clue how I’m going to be able to function with this body” I say biting my lip “I can’t…” I trail off losing focus
My friends gone crazy, one moment I told him he doesn’t have a chance in fucking Hailee Steinfield, then next I’m locked in a skin suit and tied up
"Finally, you're back!" I said to my friend. We were on a short trip outside our city, when the great shift hit me, landing me in a nearby woman, then she ran away with my body. Didn't know why she did that, but now I was stuck as her, in our hotel room, not wanting to get outside. (Rp always open.)
Do I feel more stupid since the FOSE? I can't really tell but I do feel a little giddy! (RP open)
Well Strange set of circumstances led Shield to keep a spy they caught from escaping so they placed the spy's mind into my body and vice versa... Of course they didn't inform me it was the adoptive sister of Natasha Romanoff... Now I must live life as a Russian super spy till we swap back (RP)
I felt myself moan as my mind started to change. My younger neighbor had used a spell to swap our bodies without my permission as she was having sex with her boyfriend. I tried to tell him to stop bit I only moaned as I forgot how to live my old life and started to act like her(rp)
Hey Dave I'm bored now with this body could you send me the code for the app so I can switch back to my original body? I texted after spending the day in my ex's body, you were hesitant to send it after I hogged it all day...
"Yeah! I was at the gym when the shift hit. Was a little disappointed that I didn't get switched with one of the models there, but this isn't too bad? Better than a fat dude or something. Oh, yeah I don't hate being female, at least... not yet?" I was at the gym when the shift hit, "Where were you?"
I was always wishing all my life to see the world around me, but I was in no state to see the world with my empty wallets but little did I know that someone was listening in and would make all my dreams come true~ (RP!)
After the family counselor suggested swap therapy and switched my father and I with my step-mom and step-sis, I no longer have anyone harassing me for taking long showers. Everybody assumed I did sinful things just because I was a guy, while the opposite is true. I've never been so horny in my life!
This is humiliating! A rival from work stuck you in this body without legs and only half of your arms. What do you do about it?
"I guess my unconscious bias was that I though my mobility would be somehow impaired by being 5'6" with 36 E cups at only 117lbs, but as you can see that was just my misogynistic prejudice." Online SwapClasses have been so much more critical and inclusive, plus we swap for a week not just a day!
Yup that's me! You're probably wondering how I ended up here. It all started when me and the boys wanted to prank Steve for his Bday. I popped one of them pills to seduce him as a joke. I thought his reaction would be funnier the more things escalated before the reveal. Thing is, we're dating now!
Everything was going great... I was as cute as could be, enjoying a romantic afternoon with the man of my dreams. But I felt that the spell was about to wear off, and I couldn’t risk being exposed in front of my handsome date! The fairy godmother won’t mind if I forgot the shoe, will she?
Chantel was resisting as I force myself into her body and as I fucked her hard and rough, I sucked her soul out and into the shaft of my penis. After wanking a d squirting her out onto the floor I picked up her body and fucked my way into her body, my body shrivelled up as I transferred into Chantel
The Great Shift was the biggest eye opener for the civil rights movement. Suddenly, lines were crossed as religion, race, and wealth of the entire population suddenly shifted and didn’t matter anymore. Understanding was achieved, and only when people literally lived life in another person’s shoes
Once I got my hands on the reality changer, I turned myself into a sexy goth girl. The best part is now my phone is blowing up with all the boys that want to do me.
You know, I like, totes thought that being a bimbo for a day would be soooo funny. But now I can't remember how to like... read these spells... Does anyone know the transformative spell? I reaaally don't wanna be stuck like this! Omg! I swear!
Operation Patriot #1 David was a common criminal, mugging and drugs etc he didn’t do anything for his country but since he was sent to an operation patriot rehab centre he loves his, or should I say her country more than ever!
My birthday was coming up and I was complaining to my friends saying girls always have better birthday party’s. That’s when Emily chimed in saying leave it up to her to give me the best birthday ever. This is not what I was expecting. Rp
My dad found this device that turns anyone into their favourite superhero. Before he could tell me what it was he immediately used it on me. In hindsight I probably should have told him who my favourite superhero was…
I got an interview with a company using Long Distance Body Swapping Tec, and I was shocked when I awoke with the feeling of tight fabric hugging my legs… and very flat crotch! They had swapped me with a secretary mistaking my name for a female one. The appointment was nearing, but I couldn’t resist.
After years of writing bodyswap prompts I'd finally found out how to shift into one of my prompts! I crafted my dream life with a perfect body, and the second I was about to shift into my fiction the page refreshed and I was tossed into someone else's prompt!
you are my best friend but you were really getting on my nerves I got a idea and I took your soul and placed it in my step sisters body but little did I know your personality’s would mix she already had a crush on me with your dom side I had no idea I was about to become a slave to my older step sis
My "childfree" daughter-in-law swapped with me, saying that "if I wanted grandchildren so damn much I could carry them myself". I called her bluff. Three years and three kids later, I'm loving life as a fertile breeder for my stud, while she's stuck in my aging body
It was pretty difficult seeing Sophie get over our breakup so quickly... that bitch already got with another guy! I was all alone in my apartment, so I bought this suit of her and decided to play out what she *should* have been doing. Chocolate and wine make everything better...
You were a journalist, writing a piece on shapeshifters. “Well, my kind were treated very differently back then, much less favorably than today. Once I was caught by the mayor of a small town. They paraded me around like some freak. How did I escape, you ask? That’s another story...” (RP)
One of my best?
"You don't like what I did to your body?" I smugly said, teasing my Stacy with my new cleavage. We were partners for swap class, and I took the opportunity to make some changes to Stacy's body. "Don't you think I'm sexy?"
Mrs. Black, a Milf from my neighborhood, was obsessed with being a mother, so much so that she asked me to get her pregnant. obviously I refused "I would never fuck with an older woman like you" He did not take it very well, he has exchanged our bodies and plans to impregnate me with my own dick(RP)
I possessed my obnoxious neighbor to get them kicked out and her annoying husband ended up dragging me to the pool, he started calling me a dumbass bitch when "I" forgot my bathing suit, he started saying really mean stuff and I realized I was getting really wet... No wonder they're always fighting.
youve been dating her 3 years---- then---- you decided to try giving an "open relationship" a go
This would be known as the Great Transformation Event. About 95% of earth’s population were filled with hormones that rapidly changed their sexes. This led to chaos and debauchery of all kinds. But, the 5% we’re stuck in limbo between both male and female without enough hormones to finish the job
"Yeah! I was at the gym when the shift hit. Was a little disappointed that I didn't get switched with one of the models there, but this isn't too bad? Better than a fat dude or something. Oh, yeah I don't hate being female, at least... not yet?" I was at the gym when the shift hit, "Where were you?"
(RP) As a Northeasterner, I often talked poorly about people from the Deep South, yet I was secretly turned on by girls with Southern accents. Serves me right, because I woke up one morning as this hot busty Georgia peach of a housewife! I never knew that life in the South could be soooooooooo good!
I participated in a swap class for the first time but now i feel like really stupid... i can't even remember who i was before, please help me! What were we talking about? Ah yes, these big boobs are really heavy!
Three month ago, my girlfriend and I swapped. Now he is my husband.(chat or DM)
You had suspicions that someone else was in your girlfriend's body. She hadn't been acting herself for days, but what you saw today really sold it. You walked in on her watching a YouTube video about how to hook and unhook bras. Now, the question was, would you confront the person or not?
“I swapped… I really did it” this week at school we had the opportunity to switch bodies with our favourite characters. Unfortunately that means my friends got big strong superheroes and Jedi but I got… well I got tied up Kara I hear footsteps “hello?!” I yell out in a desperate voice.
“Wow! You weren’t kidding when you said you were into Ms. Shu! Jeez man you’re getting it everywhere… maybe I should keep her around more often..”
I got a paid trip to this Japanese sauna for my birthday and I wasn't trying to go alone so I dragged you along. my Japanese wasn't great though and I chose this pink massage oil and the second I got in the steam after my massage my body started changing in front of you.
Well at start I didn't know what to think but now I think I like my new body .. and a lot...
I was at a bar and I was saying how Japan has no culture apart from hentai, well I must have pissed off a witch because this morning I woke up like this!
The company swap was meant to be a bit of a laugh to unwind after a tough quarter. I however wasn’t laughing, I was put in my super strict bosses body and she purposely wore something naughty to try and catch me out. “I….I….it’s not what it looks like!” I exclaimed as she locked her office door.
I always heard stories of guys who go to exchange island, become girls and have the time of their lives. Which is why I was very disappointed when I ended up in another dudes body but I soon realised how lucky I was! Dozens of freshly swapped girls lined up to taste cock for the first time!
A girl I once knew and hated had decided her life was worse than mine and because I once yelled at her she decided to punish me for it. One minute I'm about to fuck my gf the next I'm standing in a store somewhere feeling wrong and different. My mouth tastes funny and...are these tits? Wtf?!(rp)
Looking for a video from youtube!
Who’d have thought that a realistic female bodysuit was all that was needed to save my marriage with my wife? She’s always been bi-curious, and now we can’t seem to get enough of one another!
Me and my friend were experimenting with bodyswap chemicals when I dropped one and switched to an Asian woman. We soon found out everytime I get cummed in I change hopefully I can find my body soon.
A shockwave went around the world, changing everyone’s genitals to the opposite. Girls now have cocks and Guys now have pussies. Everyone in this new world think it’s normal. You and i are best friends and we were effected. You were showering at the gym. You had a huge crush for me. (Rp detailed
My friend found a old magic book in his basement, he was really into magic and that stuff so he came to my house to try some spells, i thought it was fake until he casted a random spell and now i am elizabeth olsen (RP)
(RP) I always wished that I could have a trophy wife, but I never anticipated that I would ever wake up AS one! My rich husband wants to keep me clean-shaven, silicone-titted, and clad in nothing but these boots around the house all day...and I LOVE it.
My father was a useless deadbeat. He couldnt hold a job, couldnt keep a stable relationship, and couldnt even spend time with his kids. That was all going to change. One night while out drinking he insulted a gypsy at the bar who brought her kids. "Maybe you should try motherhood!" (Rp)
It has now been two weeks since my shift into loserfruits body. I have never been this happy before! I keep catching myself gossiping to my girlfriends or blabbing on about the makeup look I’m wearing! It’s just so much fun to be a girl!(roleplay)
When you an your step-sis swap to ease the sexual tension and not succumb to sin, but you just found out her pussy is as perfect as you imagined and you can't wait to get your delicate fingers two knuckles deep inside you as she explodes after pumping her cock twice watching you by your side.
My friend couldn’t keep a girlfriend because he lacked self confidence. I decided to help him out by buying a bottle of exchange and downloading tinder. Just a few dates he should be more confident in himself. Rp
I had finally invented a machine that would allow me to travel to a parallel universe. The only catch was I would be put in the body of the parallel me. Turns out in this universe I was born 25 years earlier...and as a female. This body feels hot at the idea of body swapping, i need to swap back(rp)
I was on a hike with my son and his girlfriend. About halfway up the mountain, I was extremely tired and his son’s girlfriend was bored and wanted to turn around. My son wanted to keep going, so he swapped me with his girlfriend. We just made it to the summit! (RP)
My sister was grounded for the weekend so I was surprised when she was leaving the house for a trip. I knew our strict parents would throw a tantrum and drag her back as soon as they found out. However she must have put something in my shampoo cause I stepped out of the shower looking like her. (rp)
My son was in dire need of a prom date. To fix this he begged me, his own dad to don a female bodysuit and go as his date. I don’t know how he could afford it but I reluctantly agreed. Now here I am looking like another cute senior girl going to the dance.
I wasn’t sure what to expect when my ex girlfriend Gwen contacted me out of the blue. That she wanted to undergo a body swap with me was definitely the weirdest option. Still I went along and soon I was in her apartment checking out the body I had missed in the mirror. Only it was mine now!
My friends were having a gender reveal party. This party was special what ever gender the baby was everyone at the party became that gender for 24 hours. I was really thought they was having a boy, turns out I thought wrong
The townsfolk told stories about recent sightings of river nymphs, mysterious, beautiful women by the water’s edge... but they didn’t know that it was really just me in my bodysuit, enjoying some solitude in nature. I think one of the men from town has been spying on me from behind the reeds...
Kali Roses Deepthroating 10 Inch Cock And Swallowing
My sexy fucking wife
How did I let it get this far?! It was a prank! Make him hit on me, then reveal who I really was, now I’m on the floor, drunk on the taste of him. What even happened?
When they said it would give me my true form this isn’t quite what I was expecting, can’t say I hate it though, at least I missed the morning sickness phase (potential RP)
“Dad! I told you, you have to knock!” This is the third time I’ve caught my daughter jerking off since the whole world traded genitals. (RP)
If I couldn’t date my crush, I decided to become her. After perfecting the spell, I took over her body, and it feels better than I could’ve ever imagined. I just need to share my new form with someone… (RP open)
If you are contacted by u/Voyagexxx or similar users that prompt you with the using of minors in roleplays or any other situation that’s related to body swapping, block them and report them to Reddit and to the mods. This is an NSFW sub and underage stuff is strictly forbidden.
Sometimes a person needs one push to put them in the right direction. That’s why when I became a slime, I crawled into Emily to ‘help’ with her decisions. From shy and reserved, to upcoming porn model, I did it. We share this body, so I get my share of fun for helping too
A Milf is in my body!? (Rp) [M4F]
Who's up for some F2F RP?
Ever since my work accident, I've been having to learn how to live as a woman... working for X-change had it's risks, but I never thought I'd encounter that risk, permanently femininity... at least they paid me massive amounts to stay quiet...
A few body swap Roleplay ideas!
One day I woke up with my cock caged. I've been trying to get out of it but the key is nowhere to be found and I don't know who put it on me. but day by day my body is becoming more and more feminine.. someone is swapping my clothes out as well
"So all I have to do is pretend to be your girlfriend and you'll let me live here rent free? I can manage that," but you neglected to tell your friend that the suit you had him put on had some special conditions programmed into it, but he'd soon learn.
Second Puberty is hard, especially when it’s takes you over a week to change. I can’t believe I let my friends talk me into going out tonight. Rp
The Great Shift had been the best day of your life. You went from the nerd everyone ignored to a buxom bombshell. Your bully, who shifted into her boyfriend, was more than eager to help you adjust to your new life.
I was starting to enjoy being the sissy wife of an aristocrat. After a trip to the swap clinic we had a fairytale wedding in Ibiza... and now he spoils me all the time! All I have to do is wear these cute little outfits and keep him happy in bed...
My dad and my aunt were getting into huge fights every time we had a family gathering, so we arranged for a new kind of therapy, where they would switch bodies! Now my conservative father is in the body of my liberal, blue-haired Aunt Alice! It better work, his morning yoga is getting distracting...
"Happy birthday, sweetie! For your 18th birthday, I paid to have our bodies swapped! You don't have to hide your excitement. I saw you browser history. I know you fantasize about swapping bodies with women, so now you get to have a chance at it!"
Keep your enemies close, was a phrase I didn't think would mean this close. An bitch I used to know decided her life was boring and decided to take mine. One minute I'm about to fuck my gf the next I'm standing in a store wearing weird clothes with a musty taste in my mouth. Where am i?(rp)
Fred was pissed, everyone else was back in their proper bodies except for him and Velma, and Velma didn't seem too keen on finding a way to switch them back. "Come on Velma! We cant just ignore this! Shaggy? Daphne? Come on back me up here!" I said with a huff as Velma shrugged me off again.
"Greetings mortal, I am here to grant you what you desire" The angel had presented it self on your bedroom it said you can wish for anything. Will this be a blessing or a curse?
I was struggling with money quite a bit due to my basic job. When asking for a raise my boss not only rejected it but fired me for some bullshit reason. To take revenge I decided to leave my life behind and swap myself with his darling daughter. Even if it means I’m a girl it is worth it!
I was so lost after I was hit by the gender flu. Luckily a friend group of girls at my college “adopted” me and have been making the adjustment so much easier. They even convinced me to go on their beach trip this weekend! (Literate RP)
After a long day of work all I want to do is lay back and use my multiverse swapper to swap bodies with my other universal self, yeah it’s been annoying adjusting to being female for half the day but I think I’m do- huh the remote it’s not working!!!
second round of finding new lives for you! looking for a brand new life? message me what your current life is like, and what your dream one would be! i’ll see if i can find the perfect body and life to suit you…
As the steam from my shower faded from the mirror, I couldn’t believe my eyes. I’d been transformed into a woman! I have a huge presentation in 6 hours! How am I supposed to do it now?!
Ugh! I should’ve know this is what would happen if I agreed to swap with my nerdy brother. He loves taking pictures of his dumb robot toys. And he’ll have a great photo shoot with my body posing with them! The most infatuating part is that my boyfriend is his photographer!
First Kisekae Creation (Made Jan 8th)
My girlfriend said I needed to get more in touch with my feminine side, I agreed. But I didn’t mean like this. Rp
You had woken up one morning after a late night partying in a strange room when all off a sudden some lady walked in“Good morning sir, welcome to project rebirth, thanks to you signing these consent form we can now transform you however we please” RP
My friend and I recently bought a house together. I went to bed that night pretty happy with the new place. Til I woke up in the morning looking like this. In a room that looks like it was designed for the early 2000s. Rp
Alex was in a moment of disbelief. One moment he had been at home, enjoying a quiet evening with his girlfriend. The next he was in a dimly lit room, dressed in nearly nothing. What shocked him the most was seeing the reflection of his ex-girlfriend in the mirror...
Ever since my wife turned me into a woman for cheating her, she likes teasing me and reminding me what she took from me… (RP)
The great shift was a massive suprise to just about everyone, no one could see something like that coming. The only thing I saw coming after the swap was a pair of balls slapping my face over and over, turns out of all people I swapped with was my own son's girlfriend... in the middle of it.
My friend's girlfriend couldn't make it to a wedding they were supposed to attend, so he asked me to go in his place. I had no idea I'd be transformed into her copy and attend as her!
"What's wrong sweet heart? Don't you like my new look?" You ask from my mother's body. You've made it very clear that you aren't leaving any time soon; And that you were going to make me your play thing for the foreseeable future. (DM 2 RP)
I had a rule with my twin sister that she couldn’t date any of my friends. Turns out she ignored this as I saw on the phone of my best friend that they had dinner planned tonight. I couldn’t let is pass so I possessed her and will go on the date in her stead. I’ll make sure the date goes nowhere!
Ironically, before I found out I was infertile I was terrified of nutting inside. I was then enlisted on the breeding program and turned into this squishable fecund cumslut. Maybe that's why I'm now both so envious and turned on by the privileged studs that get to pump their seed inside me!
“We are running out of time dude.” Last night, my friend and I went to a carnival and saw a fortune telling witch. She cursed me for no reason, and ever since this morning, my body has been changing, and we need to see her or go to a hospital before it’s complete. “Fuck, my tits are bigger again”
So this skinsuit you bought has a warranty right in case the zipper breaks? I know I'm suppose to be wearing it, but I couldn't help myself... listen just call the company and get a guy to come out here to fix it, please.
Valentina Nappi and Lena Paul
I'd been going to the gym a lot recently, trying to get buff and impress the ladies. Unfortunately for me, my roommate had found a way to transfer her body mass to me so that she didn't have to go at all. And after a while, having so much of her body mass in me has made me look like her... (RP)
Looks like khaaleesi ;)
You've gotten super horny during quarantine and decided to change me into a girl to fix it, I however was completely unaware of your plan.
Seeing what my Dad chose to wear each morning to go to my gf’s work was almost as bad as seeing what her Dad dressed my mums body up in for her. A family swap was not the best idea to help integrate both of our parents as I now have too much experience with her Mums body seeing as I’m in it!
Beautiful face and amazing tits.
Well at start I didn't know what to think but now I think I like my new body .. and a lot...
"Really, Josh? Just so i'm on your leash you swap me with your ex and kill me?!" I had wronged you for flirting with your now dead girlfriend, you didnt want me telling anyone anything about your psychotic mind. "So what now.. Josh?" (RP)
I had a rule with my twin sister that she couldn’t date any of my friends. Turns out she ignored the rule as I saw on the phone of my best friend that they had dinner planned tonight. I couldn’t let it pass so I possessed her and will go on the date in her place to make sure the date goes nowhere!
A little update from my post earlier, it’s twins, feel like a beached whale but kinda sexy too NGL (RP)
“Oh my god, where am I?!” I say struggling to get out of the handcuffs. “Hello?!” I yell out loud as I start to realize what had happened. “Im in Nina Dobrev’s body! How did this happen?! And why am I tied up?”
“Andrew, your paired with Hannah for the experiment” my chem teacher says, but things turned south when we mixed the wrong chemicals and an explosion accrued “What the hell did you do Hannah?!!” This isn’t right I thought “I’m not Hannah I’m Andrew, sir are you ok” but we weren’t, we swapped bodies
I'm a superfan of Pokimane, i mean some people would call me a creep, but i'm just devoted, i dedicated an entire room to copy her streaming setup, i even baught this skinsuit from someone. Now when i have time off i dress up as poki and have the time of my liiii- holy fuck were is the zipper?! (RP)
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
After this whole shift shit the world got weird, there’s a lot of horny people around and sometimes they try groping me just to feel good honestly. We need to fix this I really can’t take this much longer or at least let’s find a way to switch I can’t take it.
I had know idea that that my friend took swap class, I knew my sister was in that class she took it because she thought it would be an easy A. Apparently her and my friend swapped with each other my friend is loving it. (RP)
(RP) You hired the hopstitute (hopper+prostitute) to take over your buddy's girlfriend. So one night when you told him you couldn't come out drinking, you had them hop in her body and you went over and had some fun you'd been craving for a long time.
My sister (left) and I were in university at the same time, I was just a year older. The night of the sorority formal all of her friends got sick, and her date bailed on her. She begged me to help, but I didn't realize she meant like this! Somehow she transformed me into her "little" with a spell.
My friend won 2 tickets for a free cruise for a week. Only problem it was a couples cruise. Well looks like he found a solution. Rp
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
My vacation in Sweden was going great until I stepped into this hot tub... now I look like some Scandinavian hottie with a cute accent! “Quit looking at me like that!”(RP)
Until an hour ago, I was a male college professor in my 30's. Then my colleague's experiment exploded and everyone in the building got randomly body-swapped. Being in this body is so strange, I had to duck into the bathroom. These yoga pants feel incredible on my student's, I mean, MY legs and ass!
looking for a brand new life? message me what your current life is like, and what your dream one would be! i’ll see if i can find the perfect body and life to suit you…
Me and you happened to find a magic idol, but when I picked it up I was suddenly turned into a girl! (DM for RP)
Showing my best friend what I got.When me my step sister swap bodies
When I was picked with the muscular guy from swapping class, I was thrilled at first thinking about all the pussy I'll get to have. I did not expect this kind of "equipment" on him. (RP open)
"I'm not sure about this...," your friend complained from his new body. You were unpopular in high-school and with your high-school reunion coming up you wanted to show everyone up. With your friend's permission you used a reality warping stone to turn him into your perfect girlfriend.
“Prude am I?” I muttered to myself sending my girlfriend a pic of me covered in cum. My girlfriend always teased me for being boring and safe so much so she pressured me into taking swap class. When she found out I got Emily’s body her teasing only increased, she didn’t think I’d use her body right!
I’m sorry Brendan, but I can’t help it if your sister is so hot. My best friend and roommate has this wonderful sister named Naomi, and I was so in love with her, but I was barred from going near her. I got desperate, forced her to swallow a swap pill so I can finally see these tits
My friend won 2 tickets for a free cruise for a week. Only problem it was a couples cruise. Well looks like he found a solution. Rp
The great shift meant I was forced super far away from all my friends! Once I got a computer, I joined the call with all my friends... after they realized I'd become a girl they demanded a selfie... I sent it and they all freaked out... Being a cute girl is fun...
My brother is a genius! He made all these groundbreaking devices and I tested for him… a ‘gender bender’ he called it, but right after he used it on me it broke! So now he’s buying parts… I hope everything is in stock. (RP)
‘Alright, one more try’ I was thinking to myself when adjusting my older sisters heels. Her boyfriend was an absolute pig but she didn’t care. So as the protective brother I took it upon me to break them up myself. However the style of my sister keeps getting in the way of me actually getting there.
"Its just sort of hard to get used to." I explained to my friend sitting across from me. A minor error in the electrical grid at the University caused a strange event to swap the bodies of several students. I was stuck in this sophomore girl's body, not at all used to her figure.
I woke up in this old looking bedroom with a cup of tea at my bedside. Not thinking, I took a sip and felt my body changing! “What did you slip in this?!” (RP)
I thought I was so lucky to get invited to the popular girls’ sleepover, I thought I might even get laid! It turns out they planned to turn me into a girl and whore me out to random strangers! Looks like I am gonna get laid tonight after all!
18 you wanna become my aunt
My mom was out shopping for a birthday gift for me with my girlfriend, something I wasnt aware of. While shopping whe looked at some lady rudely, turns out she was a witch. She decided to swap there bodies, but they couldnt tell me that. Things habe been abit odd. (Rp)
Wait that's your so called magic cock, I don't see what's so great about it that you say it makes girls scream. I said from seat on the floor unaware of the tear in reality just looking at it caused. I mean, just because I'm a woman doesn't mean I want to fuck you.
My mom had me at an early age. She had to drop out college and worked hard during my youth. She never had to chance to experience college. Now I was at that age I decided to offer us to swap so she could go instead as me. I love pretending to be her in the neighbour hood. A sexy single mother!
For someone that identifies as non-binary my cousin sure has quite a rocking female body! I convinced them to swap for a week, so they could try "the-penis-experience" first hand. Meanwhile, I'm here in the kitchen making pancakes naked after grinding the counter's granite corner all morning!
Always wanted to fuck a bimbo, now I am one and I kind of like it, I can already tell I want to make my boobs even bigger, as well as…other cravings
My dad was a cop, and quite the rude one. He was the reason for so many bad things around town, and the reason him and my mom divorced. All I wished for was a crime free town and a perfect mother. Well, seems both wishes came true and in an unexpected way. (Rp)
This suit is working out pretty well... everyone is buying my cute socialite act, and I’m one step closer to stealing the Duchess’s priceless necklace... (RP)
‘No sis, you are not gonna get your body back. Mom and dad are done with your behaviour. Stealing and changing your grades? No wonder they gave me your body instead’. I had always been jealous of my cute siste; so much so I wanted to be her. Now I am! All because I framed her for theft and fraud, ha
Trans Gender Wave
A family swap-cation was all we needed to really come together. No arguing could be heard, just the moaning of someone exploring their new form. It was weird watching Mum and Dad kiss from the bodies of my gf and Aunt. But after my gf just blew my back out with my Dads cock, can I complain?
You and i are roommates. But you recently had your second puberty. A month later and we’re having dinner together. We got closer after your changes and we were thinking about dating. When i place the plates of food in front of you and me. “You look cute tonight” i say smiling kindly (Adorable rp)
“You lost the magic stone you idiot?!!” I was yelling at my friend while we were having lunch in a cafe “That stone permanently body swaps me with the person wearing it!!” Right after my vision shifts to what seemed to be a car I feel 2 massive mounds on my chest “I’m gonna be a woman forever!!”
“Lasting effects…? Shouldn’t there have been a warning!?” I’d been taking 24-hour X-Change pills every day for a week after losing a bet, and I still hadn’t switched back a day after taking my last one! According to customer support, due to the amount I’d taken there was a chance I never would!
I send a picture to my girlfriend "Well this is going to be awkward. Dad brought home a device from work and we all swapped bodies. I ended up in my mom. Any chance we can still go on our date tonight? I just needed to get away from the chaos here even if I'm my own mom."
"look, they're so huge her top keeps popping open." You watch as your best friend uses your professor's body. "Now, the plan is, we post a bunch of videos of her being a slut, so she loses her job, right?"
I wanted to use the reality remote, My friend was watching the game in the other room I saw our hot neighbor Esmeralda outside. I couldn't waste this opportunity i pressed the button and it looks like it worked because shes watching the game on the couch now. (RP)
My best friend can swap bodies, most of the time we swap to see how she looked before she goes out and I get to dress up as hot girl, it's a win win. Today we're were trying this new dress, I was showing her what it looks like when her housemate came in and grabbed me saying we were late. (DM to RP)
“quit your crying, it won’t change anything!” you said smugly from your new body. she was your girlfriend, and she had picked you up in her car to break up with you in person. you decided that if you couldn’t have her no one could! you swapped bodies with her, stealing her life for yourself! RP
Unexpected outcome
After a very interesting night, me and a friend found a D&amp;D book that placed us into a fantasy world as brand new adventurers, he got a hulking stud of a Human Paladin but I got.... "A female Orc!?, You've got to be kidding!"
Welcome to my Deviantart page! https://www.deviantart.com/maxxforcemaximumopti/posts Or search on the site maxxforcemaximumopti
I looked back at my old body, smirking and waving to them, poor Emma, losing her youth just from making eye contact with the wrong person.
Me and my friend were out at the beach when he went to go swimming for abit. I heard him scream something about losing his trunks, then I saw a wave wash over him as he came ashore. Out from under it came a total milf, and she was sorta acting like it too. (Rp)
Maybe it was the party, maybe it was the wine, but I was having fun. I was masquerading in my suit for a costume party, and it was a blast. New friends and conversations, it’s great. All eyes were on me as with the anonymity and the alcohol, I got a little too loud and proud for my own skin
I must have picked up the wrong kind of bath bomb from the store, fuck I hope this wears off before my girlfriend gets back home. I mean how would I even begin to explain this to her? Maybe I should call someone, but who?
I loved emo music! I was always edgy! So when I made a wish to become one... I was severely disappointed... I'm some Marilyn Monroe chick! (RP)
I was never a fan of big fake tits, but ever since I landed on an Italian cam-model; I gotta say: I fucking lov'em! Like, sure I don't have "a before" experience to compare them with, but they feel like the real deal! If a guy says otherwise, he's a dick! Like a I used to be. They sure are fun bags!
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
"Oh, hey, SON," I was your girlfriend or, at at least, I was until you and your mom were cursed by an old witch. The curse swapped your girlfriend's and your mom's bodies. With no idea on how to swap them back, this may be permanent.
I was being a dick to this chick at the bar one night. Turns out she’s a witch, and put a curse on me that’d I’d turn into my female self every other morning I woke up. Rp
"No Mum I can't go shopping with you, I have an exam, weren't you supposed to be working?" I ask. My sisters school forced them to use cameras during exams to prevent cheating. So I agreed to let her cast a spell to turn me into her, while she went out with friends (rp)
I had never been to the city, when I saw an opportunity for a study trip there over winter break I signed up immediately. Turned out it wasn't a study for me, it was a scientific study on the effects of body swapping! I found myself in a city girl's body not a day later, stuck like this for a month!
So there's this girl who's onlyfans I subbed, and I had tipped her to send me some nudes. But she had said I didn't tip her, which is bullshit. So after pulling some strings I was able to get a hold of her body, now it's mine and I can do whatever I want with these nice tits of hers. (DM to RP)
It was a regular day, nothing out the ordinary and then something like a huge flash hit us, few minutes later I got out of the bathroom just to find my lovely dum dum wife freeze like if she has no idea where she was. "Hey Bambi it's diner time and I'll give you your favorite sausage soon" I said.
When I swapped into my dad's body and absolutely used my step mom's throat, I thought he would be pissed. Then, when I went to find him to swap back, I found him doing the same thing to my gf. She always told me she was going to wait till marriage... (RP)
"fuck, that felt great," you said as you blew your load between the busty chick's tits. But she kept going, pumping away, and you kept cumming. Your dick shrunk and shriveled inside you. Her tits starts to shrink as your chest grew heavy. She stood now with her own dick. "My turn." (RP)
I hired a swap trainer because I was fat. I was shocked when it was a girl but as long as she did the job, I didn’t care. After sneaking home early to find her going at my wife I discovered she wasn’t doing the job at all. I was furious but then I got a text from “Baby 💖” and started to form a plan.
My gf wanted to try being a Dom but only felt confident doing that with another girl, I volunteered and she changed me in to a old friend/crush of hers from highschool that she knew was a total sub.. problem is I don't like girls now, but she's not giving me a choice I'm her little sub anyway.
Mmmmm I love this bodysuit. I love making cute boys cum inside me before I reveal to them that I’m actually a guy.
Picture this: your GF confesses she's a witch and takes you to visit her family. You met her mom and everything fine besides the fact they're magic wielders. That night at 3 a.m. her mom wakes you up, takes you downstairs, and not only swap with you but turn you both 19 yo. What do you do?
Being 18 and dying sucks, but at least today Florence Pugh visited me. We had the room alone for 5 minutes, the lights flicked and I was in her body, I heard a voice in my head said only 10 hours. I left the hospital in her body, now I’m trying to enjoy everything I can before I go
Ever since Christmas I was in the body of my sister-in-law. My brother has broken all contact with me and my parents are trying to get me to swap back. I’m not planning on doing any such thing. I love dressing my body in sexy tights and boots. Tonight I have another date, let’s see where it goes(RP)
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS A FEMALE BODY AM HERE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP
‘See I told you I got Erica in swap class’ I told my surprised friend at the park near our houses. ‘It has been amazing, her family doesn’t even know she took the class so I have been pretending to be their princess daughter’ I said while her real boyfriend walked into the park. ‘Oh shit, gotta go!’
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
“Thank you for swapping to help with my self portrait, you are an excellent model me!” I giggled starting to add detail. “Wha…why do I have to wear a bikini…umm it’s the middle of summer I’m boiling! Why do you like it? You like looking at your own tits huh?” I teased you seeing your bulge increase!
When my son was in an accident at work that burnt 95% of his body, he needed an extensive skin graft from a compatible donor to live. 45 hours of surgery later, he's effectively wearing his mother like a bandage while she floats, sedated and skinless, in a nutrient tank at the hospital
The prince (right) had to marry a woman in order to become king. He ordered his people to find a beautiful woman for him and they’d get married the next day. They found Alessandra, the heir to the throne of the Greek island of Lesbos. As soon as they got married, the prince was changed. (RP)
I know, so soft squishy and fertile; I look quite breedable, don't I? It's not your fault, how could you resist? And that's the point, you can't! As a succubus, how else am I to attract men and feed off their energy? I also turn an unlucky few into other succubi. I know you can feel it happening...
You were really nervous about starting college as virgin. Your best friend said he could help if you met him tonight alone at his place, you were pretty surprised to discover he had hopped his older sister and was waiting to give you a reall hands on lesson.
My two male BFs convinced me to have a reversed FFM threesome. They kept boasting how much they'd please me and that I wouldn't last a minute 'cause apparently that's a thing for men. They didn't think I'd get the cum-control-package, so I surprised them by feeding them equally after a long while!
“Fuck.” That’s all that I could mutter after the machine exploded, leaving us stuck in our own mother’s body’s… I look to you, holding my breath as I ask: “You can fix it right?” (RP)
It’s been a few months after your second puberty. You haven’t gotten new clothes so you wore your normal clothes. You and i are best friends and were on face time. “How have you been?” I asked kindly (Adorable rp)
My wife's cosmetic treatment involves transplanted her skin and fat tissue onto a younger body, rejuvenating the cells with youthful blood while she rests in a nutrient bath. My son volunteered as recipient. It's been two months and he already looks better than she has in years
Um, guys, I need help! A minute ago, I was just doing stuff and pressing buttons on my iPhone when, suddenly, my body decided to kick me out, and now, I'm just a soul staring at her! And of course she's happy about it...in fact, a little too happy, if you ask me. UGH! How do I fix this?! [AMA | RP]
My sister was about to play the Finals for the State Tournament when she had a panic attack. The only way to fix this, was for me to swap with her and play in her place. It took me a few minutes to get used to the new body, but once I was ready, I played well and we won! (RP)
As the FOSE hit we both thought we’d be safe as we had a preference for 2D women. However both of us ended up sent to the DC universe. One of us as Raven and the other Starfire. (RP)
"You gotta be freaking kidding me." I mumbled as I pulled on the tight leggings. I went back to a girl's apartment last night after going out to the bars. When I woke up this morning she, in my body, was gone! I quickly got dressed, on a mission to figure this out.
"You actually expect me to believe that 2 squirts of this stuff in water turns the drinker into a horny hot chick?! And you spent MONEY on this?! That may be one of the most idiotic things you've EVER done! And it's obviously total BS! Look, I'll prove it!" *GULP!* (RP)
The great shift meant I was forced super far away from all my friends! Once I got a computer, I joined the call with all my friends... after they realized I'd become a girl they demanded a selfie... I sent it and they all freaked out... Being a cute girl is fun...
“The shift caused me to lose so much” Jay said from the body of Kim Kardashian. The shift caused him to lose allot He’s still been unable to find most of his family. So he decided to use this body’s money to help others across the globe struggling from the affects of the great shift. (RP)
I was jealous my sister was going to a festival and I wasn't so I decided to swap our bodies while she was in the middle of getting ready for it (rp wanted)
“What?” I snapped, “No the game isn’t over and since you’ve gone bust I get to keep your body until we finish!” I said angrily. Jeez some people! We started playing swap poker on our group holiday but clearly Jason’s girlfriend isn’t very good it and is a sore looser, I should teach her a lesson.
Back when X-Change first hit the market it wasn't unusual for guys to take one and go on week long sexcapades, I was one of those guys who maybe bit off more than he could chew. The sex was great until you accidently pop a perma-change that got through quality control.
I had lost everything i known, i was cheated on, i lost my money and house. I lost my body aswell, but thanks to the Salvation Charity, i got back on my feet, given a new family and body, i'm even going on my 'first' date. (RP)
My brother met his girlfriend on exchange to Denmark. When she visited us for the week I wanted to switch with him but instead I ended up as his gf. Turns out it is not so bad, I love being a Danish babe. Maybe I should go on my own exchange to Denmark, in her body!
[F4A] “Good morning bros! I just downloaded the Swapped App. Is this how id look as a girl? Oh shit …. Am i stuck like this?! Guys?”
"Where is the key?" I asked myself whilst admiring your girlfriends body in the bondage equipment i found. I decided to hop into her body to see her naked and when i found all this bondage stuff i couldnt resist trying it on. What i didnt relise is that you kept the keys on you so i stuck in it(Rp)
In my high school I always joked that at 22 I would be working at Brazzers and that bothered my teacher who was a witch, one day the teacher locked me in the school to talk about it, but I told her that it was my dream, so she she decided to help me, now thanks to her i am a busty brazzers woman
My friend kept complaining about how he could never understand female rap music like WAP. I recently learned magic and decided I could practice magic and help him understand the music. I cast a spell and suddenly he looks like this. He’s still adjusting to his new body but i think it worked (RP)
You had to swap with your Dad because of some school project and he was taking full advantage. Every night this week he’s been out enjoying his new found youth he even met some guys tonight…unfortunately for you he is keeping you very updated. “I lost” he sent and then didn’t respond to anything.
"You actually expect me to believe that 2 squirts of this stuff in water turns the drinker into a horny hot chick?! And you spent MONEY on this?! That may be one of the most idiotic things you've EVER done! And it's obviously total BS! Look, I'll prove it!" *GULP!*
There was a serial swapper on the loose, swapping with his victims and killing there old body, you were scared ofcource, but all that vanished once you saw me. (RP)
A sudden flash of light as I was transformed during a photoshot. As I rub my eyes, my mind is blur. Did I swap body or was this alway me?
As a doctor I didn’t exactly have the best bedside manner. When it came time to help give vaccine shots a younger nurse suggested we swap so I wouldn’t be so intimidating to patients. I’m amazed at how well it’s working. People in this town seen to really love me now!
I had recently come into a large inheritance after my grandfather’s passing. To celebrate I underwent a Bodyshare with my favorite maid, Camilla, so we could enjoy my new fortune together. Being a rich latina MILF is a dream come true for me, especially getting to experience sex as a woman!
Ji-Yeon was one of the nerdier, less popular students in my swap class this year. Due to an uneven number of students I had to step in and be her swapping partner. To my surprise she has a truly wonderful body hidden under her frumpy clothes. Would she be ok with staying swapped after class ends?
There was a phone virus going around, if received it could mysteriously swap the bodies of two people with no explanation, then delete itself. When my girlfriend sent me a picture of herself, post workout, we had no idea her phone was infected. As moments later I saw her reflection before me.
Update, I found the video
I got very ill and the doctors said I wouldn’t make it. My daughter was devastated. She lost her mother three years ago and was about to lose her father. The doctors told her we could try a blood transfusion. She agreed, but apparently she has some rare gene in her blood that overwrote my DNA. (RP)
I’ve never been good at tests, so my teacher said if I did him a favor I could swap with the smartest girl in class and she’d take the test for me. I just didn’t think I’d be doing this…
Being Gigi part-3
Your GF's a witch and takes you to visit her family. You're nervous. You meet her mom. Everything seems fine, besides the fact they literally wield magic. That night at 3 a.m. her mom wakes you up, takes you downstairs, and not only switches bodies with you but turn you both 19yo. What do you do?
Are There Any Good Rpers Left?
Why would you swap or not? Best or worst features.
"So, heres the deal, i take a 24 hour X-change pill every day of the week, for each week you pay me 100$ to pretend to be your girlfriend for the holidays infront of your parents, deal? Remember that your flight is tomorrow" (RP)
“I don’t care about her… this is my body now.” I say with a smile before sipping my coffee. Your girlfriend and I swapped at a clinic, two days later, she disappeared. I’m the only person who knows where she is, but I refuse to tell you anything… maybe I just need to be motivated. (RP)
“HOLY CRAP!!” My family starts to yell after I walk through the door after school “I heard from the principal that you got transformed but not like this” after I got home my family had to get used to the new me, going to my room my parents got me new clothes but they were a little too tight
“You really think I can pass as your date? You swapped so many parts of my body to make me into your asian fetish… I fucking hope you can undo all this. Plus I’m not even into you or dudes and... wait, why is my crotch feeling so moist all of a sudden? Did you also mess with my sexual orientation!?”
I found pills that could make your wishes come true and I bought them, my parents reacted and said that they could never be proud of me, but when they left home I locked in my room. now i showed my parents that they could be proud because now their new daughter has the biggest breasts in the family
This had to be the worst thing to happen to you. You were in the middle of nowhere, getting gas, and all of the sudden you found yourself in a old house! You had swapped with a country trash milf! The closest person you knew was your friend mark… What were you going to do?! (RP)
"I uhhh... i..." i tried explaining what i was doing wearing a skinsuit of your girlfriend but i was too embaressed and worried about how you would react to even get words out. I used to be a 6 foot muscular man but with the high tech skinsuit i was wearing i was now a 5'5" petite chick(Rp)
Body Swap, Possession, Etc. Discord Server
My brother met his girlfriend on exchange to Denmark. When she visited us for the weekend I wanted to switch with him but instead I’m now this Danish babe. Turns out it is not so bad! Maybe I should go on my own exchange to Denmark, in her body!
I was taking my girlfriend's best friend home from school when someone rear ended our car. Our souls must have gotten knocked out because we switched bodies! Now I'm home checking my new body. Being a girl feels amazing!
Are There Any Good Rpers Left?
“Whe where am I?” I say looking down at Pam Beeslys body “oh my god I was just masturbating to Pam! I must have switched bodies somehow?” Confused I look at my body then I hear a voice “you ready to get your world rocked Pam?” That doesn’t sound like Jim…
I still don’t get it dude, how is a having a girlfriend suppose to get you a promotion? Whatever I guess 1,000 bucks is 1,000 bucks. How’s this dress for your office party?
It was my sisters wedding, and she was feeling really nervous. Not wanting to ruin the day, she asked if I’d swap bodies with her. I was hesitant but eventually agreed. She left to be with the other guests and I’m here getting ready. I can’t say my sis doesn’t have a nice ass
Me and my friend met two girls on this swap app, convincing us to swap for a little bit. We swapped with them but at the same time they were getting railed by their bulls. We couldn't do anything as the men unknowingly cum locked us, the girls escaping in our bodies as we were taking their place (RP
There was a minor gender wave and me and three other guys in the office got turned into chicks, the worst thing is our old friends keep flirting with us, just yesterday my old best friend slapped my ass! (I’m ob the right)
We were siblings and neither of us could get dates to the dance in time! We came up with an idea to draw straws and the loser has to take a pill and become the others date. Well I drew the short straw and now here I am sending you this pic as I wait for you. (Dm to rp)
"How the fuck is she so damn thin? Dude... what the fuck?", using magic, you and I decided we we're gonna possess some of the quiet chicks around town, you picked this girl first... we were both shocked at how hot she ended up being...
I snuck into the girls locker room last night with my friend, he dared me to steal a cheerleading uniform. I woke up the next morning my whole room changed and I look like this! Rp
I was making fun of my sister because our school just made a new dress code and girls had to wear skirts. “We’ll see how you like it” she said to me I didn’t think much of it til I woke up this morning looking like this! Rp
With great powers come great responsibility! But sometimes when you're making a lot of noise at the library and you won't stay quiet after being asked multiple several times, the best way to achieve utter silence is by possessing that person and performing a sensual striptease in front of everyone!
I was talking to this cute girl for a while now, and we both agreed to use SwapApp to get to know each other better. But she initiated the swap while she was getting railed. Now I'm powerless to stop the guy behind me and from getting cum-locked in her body!
“Ok so just don’t stay out too late right?” I say to my mom from her body. For her birthday she just wanted a day off from everything and asked me to swap with her. She’s off to a bar in my body to let loose while I’ve to stay at home (rp)
After Raven and Robin accidentally switched bodies they've desperately been trying to switch back. Unfortunately for them, they still haven't found a way, leading to them pretending to be eachother. Robin still can't believe the size of his new ass. "How did Raven even walk around with this?!" (RP?)
A college had offered me a scholarship to attend there for free. I had little choice but to take it, but the only dorm on campus that had room was an all female one, and so they changed me so that I could stay there. I was given these clothes and soon I'm going to meet who I'll be living with.
“She wanted to be me just as much as I wanted to be her so it’s no use just being angry at me bud” I explain to my son who was still annoyed that me and his gf swapped for the family holiday. “Look he is coming over soon to pick me up for our little date so you can argue then but it’s not worth it!”
“Hurry up and chuck the bra I feel my tits coming” Me and my mum randomly swap ten plus times a month but we are used to it now we know when its going to happen people barely realise we swapped. I pull on the panties she was just wearing as my dick shrinks. “I don’t want Dad to find out tonight.”
Starfire burst out laughing at the sight of her boyfriends new ass. Robin and Raven had accidentally switched bodies during a fight which left Robin and Star with some new relationship hurdles. Robin blushed: "I-it's not that bad right?!" (RP?)
Seeing that you were having troubles with women, your pet slime possessed your step sister to give you a good time
An actress accused me of using my bigshot producer status to prey on her. She cheered when I was found guilty. She wasn't cheering when my bribed judge revealed the punishment - to have my brain placed in her gorgeous, young body until I learned to respect women. Damn, I love Hollywood!
You had been dealing with people going missing left and right… and when you got a lead… you found yourself blacking out, waking up in an apartment, you were turned into a trashy hooker… but your changes weren’t over yet… you even noticed the guy next to you… he was your friend. (RP)
“Yes having tits are great” I answered. After getting shifted into Kate Upton body, like others who got famous bodies, everyone wanted to interview us
“Its fucking tight.” I complain after asking me what I thought about the swimsuit. You had promised to help me sneak into your grandfather’s beach house party, the only problem? Only dates were allowed. Enter the bodysuit you got me… it feel awfully real… and you refuse to say where you got it. (RP)
My favorite part of visiting the clinic is the sensory massage after the change. Nothing like a well-oiled dexterous pair of hands to make you feel like you're in your own skin. This time they made me climax just by massaging the inner face of thighs and the soles of my feet. 10/10 would recommend!
My 2 male BFs convinced me to have a reversed FFM threesome. They kept boasting how much they'd please me and that I wouldn't last even a minute, because that's apparently what happens when you have cock. They didn't think I'd buy the cum-control-package to last longer and feed them an equal amount!
I was making fun of my sister because our school just made a new dress code and girls had to wear skirts. “We’ll see how you like it” she said to me I didn’t think much of it til I woke up this morning looking like this! Rp
My sisters thought I could use a makeover, so they bought me my very own bodysuit to hang out with them. I guess this is what I’d look like if I was a girl...
I stumbled across a mysterious candle shop... and was turned into a beautiful woman, but only for as long as the candles burned! There are so many of them, but how much time do I really have?
One of the university’s wealthy donors offered me access to his extensive archives to finish my PhD, but on one condition - I had to wear this realistic bodysuit! It’s a little hard to concentrate when I look like this...
"Look can we just cut the teasing and go to the clinic?" I whined to my teasing friends. A new disease caused a few people to transform into an entirely different form. I was unfortunate enough to get it from my girlfriend, who turned into a dude. If treated it can be reversed, but I had to hurry!
Peter explained what happened to his mentor Tony Stark, Doc Ock attacked Peter and his aunt may, his plan was to steal Peter’s body and it worked! With some in wanted consequences, the device had also swapped Peter with his aunt may. One thing was clear, doc ock had to be stopped (RP)
Hi I’m CJ and I got shifted into a woman . CJ’s dad convinced him to go to a shift support group. CJ described how he felt being shifted into an older woman and how he feels he’ll never adjust. It felt super weird talking about his feelings. He looked at next person who was going to speak (RP)
I found a pill that says it can make your wishes come true, that day my parents said that they could never be proud of me, but when they left home I took the pill and the transformation began, now my parents could be very proud, now their new busty daughter has the most big breasts in the family
My wife and son agreed to be my volunteers in the world first full-body skin transplant. My wife is very obese but with a few (a lot) of nips, chops and tucks, I soon had her skin fitting him like a glove! Unfortunately there might not be enough of her skin left to stretch back over her bloated body
Heading off on a round-the-world gap year, mom was concerned I'd get sunburn and cancer since my skin is so pale. Since she tans so well, she demanded we get a skin swap for the duration. We didn't realise they transplanted all the underlying fat tissue as well. This is gonna be a fun vacation
I’m a VIP at exchange island, meaning I log more time in other people’s bodies than I do my own. When you’re here so long you get used to it. Here I am enjoying my morning coffee watching the new arrivals. You can always tell they’re new because they fuck anywhere and everywhere regardless of others
"Let me tell you something, back when X-Change first came out in the 90's we all got into some wild shit." I explained iterating to a young man at the bar, I was always willing to tell the new blood when they came in, even when I wasn't on X-Change but I always kept a pill on me.
(F4M) hey, boys! I cast a spell to shift to a cute Asian body, but I didn’t know it would flip my sexuality too! (Dm for rp!)
“Let’s be honest now, you’ve always thought about what life would be like as a girl, go enjoy it” (More in Comments!)
At the start of winter break I had used the power of a wishing stone I found to place you in the body of our sexy science teacher. Now that schools about to start again you desperately want to get out but I’m hesitant about letting you. (RP)
Last month my wife came home in a young man’s body. She used a spell to swap into a young body, leaving the man as a blond middle aged milf. She tried to kiss me, but I recoiled. She then suggested I find my own young body. It took a month but I just swapped into the perfect 21 year old body!
My dad and stepmom are getting married, she already had three daughters and she thought me being the only guy besides dad in the procession would look “wrong” so she made me pop an x-change. I’m the one in blue! My stepsisters say dad wants to keep me like this as a wedding present to her!
Be careful here, if you stare at these beautiful big boobs for too long, they will absorb a random attribute from you... and it's permanent! Oh they're getting bigger, what did you give me?
I was a bodysuit sculptor, crafting hyper realistic suits for the highest bidder. After a while, I was getting lonely... so I sculpted “Michelle” - my most beautiful suit yet and offered it to you, my assistant. “Won’t you try it on, please?”
“The world is doomed now that I, hive queen possessed Monica from Wanda vision. Now I’m her, to plot my corruption. Wonder if anyone will notice me.” I say as her in my storage facility
I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I thought they were normal Christmas lights, but whenever I removed one of the bulbs I was suddenly transferred to an entirely new universe. The first one I removed I found myself in a universe where I was born a girl! So many possibilities...
I looked down at myself in astonishment and partial confusion. I drove to this girl's house to pick her up for a date, but the moment I rang the doorbell I suddenly found myself in her body. I heard the door push open as my body walked in with a smile "You ready to go?" He asked me.
Parenting class should be BANNED. The pregnant bitch they hired to swap with students for each class this week fucking RAN OUT while I was in the middle of pumping milk out of these sore swollen tits. The police STILL haven’t found my body, I HAD TO GO HOME LIKE THIS. I feel so… bloated… and jiggly…
“And why is this your forfeit for me?” We both made New Years resolutions this years and made a pact that if you failed , the other person choose a forfeit. I lost first and I’m like this for a week? “I mean I think I held up my end right? How do I look?”
"Please be bald! Please be bald!" I don't have anything against bush, I like bush! But I also like my lips plump and smooth. Having a thick landing-strip that ends right where your gash begins is the best of both worlds! "YES! I'm so lucky and she's purfect! Gosh, we're going to have so much fun!"
It took me 21 years to prepare for this day. I raised my daughter well. She was created by Venus, the body company, as a prototype perfect person with flawless genetics. I stole her to be my daughter, so her body would be mine. I activated her, and now, her body is mine at last
I stood up, walking to the door and trying to listen, impatiently bouncing as I tried to hear what was being discussed. Mysteriously I had swapped bodies with the neighbors daughter and now her parents and my parents were trying to discuss if I was allowed to stay with them or my original parents.
Yes I did it! I finally swapped bodies with someone who has a penis. It's a little small though. Oh well now that I have it I should use it. Perhaps on family or friends or someone else entirely.
Today I was just mindlessly jerking off when the FOSE hit. I wasn't even sure if the person I was thinking off actually existed until now. Now I don't know where I am, or who I am. All I know is that I've gotta make it back home somehow...(RP)
I tried out this “swapping soulmates” service thinking it would just be a bunch of bull. I was very wrong because after just a few weeks of chatting I found myself transferred to my mystery woman’s body. Turns out she’s my mom’s yoga instructor!
Message to caption my pics
I was out and about on a nice nught time walk when I saw some teenager out of the corner of my eye, rushing at me with a snowball. As he tossed it I snapped my fingers, the snow disappearing as he changed rather rapidly. He wanted a random target? Well I got on for myself now. (Rp)
“What are you doing in here!” I screamed at my roommate standing in the middle of my dorm room. I started screaming at him “This is my room you shouldn’t even be in here!” It felt amazing to stand up to him,the only thing was I should have explained why I was standing there in Lindsay Lohan’s body!
I snuck into the girls locker room last night with my friend, he dared me to steal a cheerleading uniform. I woke up the next morning my whole room changed and I look like this! Rp
The piano I inherited from my grandfather was cursed! I played the notes B-A-B-E and it transformed me into a woman! What am I going to do now?
Ok this subreddit is fiction right? Let’s just say hypothetically, a guy was in the Air Force working on secret technology that accidentally turned him into a woman. And hypothetically, the Air Force stripped him of his duties and told him to stick to sports. What would you do? Hypothetically. (RP)
The bimbo gene was the real deal and it ran deep in my family, at the age of 25 every man and woman on my dad's side would slowly subcome to a bubbly new outlook on life. "Like, I'm totes not going to turn out like the rest of them!"
"We don't know when or who exactly you will end up but your phone will transport with you and be connected to the present." my friend shouted as the transportation began. "What do you mean, who?" I say but it was too late. My friend invented a time machine and persuaded me to test it(rp)
Test
I really wanna roleplay these series of captions as Bruce Wayne swapping with Diana in a Long Term RP Credit: SwitchHitter &amp; The Swapping Grounds.
‘Are you sure I have to go bed daddy?’ I was an alien lifeform that crashed in your yard a year or so ago. You saved me, helping me to take your stepdaughters body. I had been watching how your wife acted and things on the internet, and I wanted to use my new body to my advantage
‘Are you sure I have to go bed daddy?’ I was an alien lifeform that crashed in your yard a year or so ago. You saved me, helping me to take your stepdaughters body. I had been watching how your wife acted and things on the internet, and I wanted to use my new body to my advantage
My body locked up as you possessed me. In an instant I lost all control, now a total victim to your whims and desires. I have no idea who just possessed me or what they intend on doing, but I'm afraid they'll ruin my reputation and my life!!
When my mother and I were temporarily body-swapped so that she could rest, she realized that she didn't want to be swapped back. She told my father about the swap and asked him to cum on me while I slept to make the swap permanent.(RP)
My neighbor always enjoys teasing. Well...that was until the FOSE hit. She always used to wear tight clothes and post hot pics, NOW I'm the one in charge of her body...
HopVIP is an app that allows you to possess available models. The appeal, besides indulging in the pleasures and privileges of a hot woman for 24 hrs, being that all profiles only show: stats, a full body picture wearing a fur-coat and face; so it's always a surprise finding out what's underneath!
I recently made a machine which can change reality. But the one problem is, it’s a one time machine. So when i use it to change my girlfriend into the body of my girlfriend into my mother’s. I fell asleep after the effect. The machine vanished after. When i open my eyes and saw that it worked. (Rp)
I heard a rumour online that if you wear someone else’s clothes, your body would change into a copy of the owners. I was skeptical at first. That’s until I took a pair of my moms pantyhose out of the laundry basket. This is so cool! (Rp)
What do you mean I only like weak flat-chested girls? First of all, I'm a grown ass woman! My breasts are nowhere near from being small and I could snap your neck off with these hips. It sounds like YOU don't understand female anatomy. Now, take your cock out, sit down, and let me ride you!
Don't you hate it when you get the wrong shot at the gym and now you have a pussy and a swol clit? Oh boy are penises overrated! Funny thing is I still jerk off the same way, but now I just use my fingertips. Who would've thought that abdominal workout would turn into climax galore but with no mess!
The skinsuit's zipper broke so now you're stuck in this shortstack's body. You might only be 4'8 but it's worth it
"sorry hun! just knock next time!" I said as my daughter stepped back out of the room. I chuckled to myself as I pulled up my pants. My daughter wanted to try out my swap machine I was working on and now I'm pretending it's broken so I can keep her body.
I stood scratching my head as I waited for my friend. it was my first time meeting with him after he put me on this weird runners work out and these weird supplements. I need to talk to him, I haven't gotten any faster and my dick fucking disappeared this morning!
[Irtr] I was going through a rough patch, i lost my home, the love of my life, even my body! But thankfully a global charity saved me, giving me a brand new body and family, everything is great, i'm even going on my first date! i hope my brother(you) will leave me be. (RP)
When I caught my BF jerking off to porn, being the jealous witch I am, I confiscated his cock. Which wasn't that much of a punishment and maybe a bit more of an upgrade, because he now jills anytime he can. Anyways, to get his dick back he has to religiously tame my morning-wood for a week!
My bully would endlessly taunt me and say things like "Orphan" or "Motherless." All because I dont happen to have parents. After awhile it got tiring to hear so instead I decided, maybe it was time to get a Mother, and well...a special one at that. (Rp)
I bought this body suit, and my life’s been amazing. My lesbian friend saw me in public with the suit on and she asked me out. I can’t believe she didn’t know it was me. After dinner we went to her house and got in her hot tub. I can’t believe she’s sitting in my lap right now and kissing my neck
I was in for a great night! My buddy had hired the perfect girl for me but no one showed up... instead he walked in smirking. He used some kind of magic or something and I was morphed into this. "What's going on!?" I cried out. "Don't worry... I'll take care of you. Make sure you work hard." (RP)
"The fuck do you mean 'stop stripping'? No!" We went to a swap party, and I got swapped with one of the popular chicks there, now on the back lawn, I as basically already naked. "She came to a swap party, she can expect to get publicly used, idiot."
My GF put a bowl with some yule's cursed leftover candy as a centerpiece in the living room table and after falling for it, I said: "Jessa, that was incredibly irresponsible! I could've tripped and ridden the deodorant bottle all morning," to her when found me in bed after just 2hrs of squatting (2)
Next is an introduction to Illusory magic. Unlike the physical nature of Conjuring, Illusions manipulate the minds of other people. You all perceive me as a beautiful woman, but she's not real - yet. Later, I'll demonstrate Transmutia by reshaping my body into hers, unless there's a volunteer...
I was a cook at one of the restaurants you owned. But you had decided you wanted a live-in chef to cook all your meals. That would’ve been fine if you hadn’t also turned me into a woman! “Ugh... fine. What would you like for breakfast, dear?”
After the Great Shift put me in the chubby body of our English teacher Mrs. Briggs, everyone at school was surprised by how fine and casually I took the swap. In the beginning I wasn’t, but you, my twin-brother, definitely helped every night. (RP)
I got a new bodysuit that was made to be a slut and a real slut would even have her brother horny, so that's my goal. "Your really don't think these lip were made for cock.. well my throat would be better, it was made for cock, the package said my throat was the best on the market.. Must feel good"
I found a strange USB drive, taking it home with me. When I plugged it in, a bunch of bimbo images flashed before me and before I knew it... I had become one. I immediately went to check the drive and it was now empty, leaving me with this body.
You're wife had been missing for a few days after she left to run some errands. While walking down the street, you saw your wife sitting in a restaurant talking to a group of men. After trying to talk to her, you found she was kidnapped by the local mafia and had her body switched with the mob boss.
At this party, these two girls came up to me and drunkenly asked which one of them is hotter? Before I could answer one of them flashes her tit and asked does this help? When suddenly I'm looking at myself from her body as my body starts giggling and runs away. (DM to RP)
"Thanks for the coffee, dude, I'm so hung over. I had the weirdest dream. I dreamed we got super drunk last night and I took an Xchange pill on a dare, then we fucked, locking me in that dumb bimbo form permanently! wait... What wrong with my voice?" (RP)
I snuck into the girls locker room last night with my friend, he dared me to steal a cheerleading uniform. I woke up the next morning my whole room changed and I look like this! Rp
We had been friends for years and finally planned to go on spring break together but tragedy struck when our parents planned to send us to camp so we all decided to use a spell to swap body's with our sisters(mine being the one in the white bikini),I'm getting alot of drinks bought for me(RP)
“Hey dude, I’m at my family’s cabin this week and can’t get to a doctor. But I know your an expert on second puberty because of your br—sister. Does this look like anything I should be worried about? (RP)
“Check!” I took your Queen in a bold and daring move. But that move seemed to have... consequences. When I looked up to see your next move, you had acquired some new assets across the board!
I walked back into the bedroom, putring my hands in my new back pockets. I was at a party with friends when suddenly the power went out, when it returned most of the partygoers had mysteriously swapped bodies. Now a few of us were trying to figure it out, but it wasn't easy due to so many leaving.
You accidentally turned your mom permanently into a skinsuit. With no way to turn her back, you asked me, a homeless woman to slip into her life. I think I've proved myself to be the better mom
My girlfriend was always curious about having sex with a girl but the chance never came. today I have a little surprise for her and daddy will become mommy (RP)
I can’t believe I pulled it off. I can’t believe that it worked! Ive been trying to switch bodies with Daniela Panabaker for over a year now! I did it! I actually did it! I am now my favourite actress of all time! What am I going to do?
After the Great Shift put me in the chubby body of our English Mrs. Briggs, everyone was surprised by how fine I took the swap. In the beginning I wasn’t, but you, my twin-brother, definitely helped every night. (RP)
A trip to the beach is always fun, but a trip to the beach in a model's body is on a whole other level! Perhaps I should try to find a hunky guy to make me his armcandy for the day...
Don't you hate it when you drink the wrong supplement and now all of your gains are in you thighs? You then realize that you're much better off now cuming multiple times in silence by crossing them legs during your commute to the gym. I've never orgasmed that many times listening to the JRE podcast.
You suddenly find yourself body swapped with the cute red head next door. Her phone in your new pocket alerts. From *Baby💕🥺*. “Im omw😏”. (RP)
"Honey, that was incredibly irresponsible. I was going to play rugby with the boys! I think I'll just stay home and ride the hairspray can. Hey, can I borrow the purple bad-dragon?" My GF set a bowl with some of the yule's cursed leftover candy as a centerpiece and then left for her yoga lessons (2)
It's hard for me to express my gratitude for you rigging the swap class list to get me Ms. Preston's body, or for hacking the mental blocks to make her act like me and let me do what I want. The best thing I can think of is letting you enjoy her body with me
For school we had to take a class all about culture and lucky us we both got picked For the foreign exchange program but little did we know that it involved us swapping with there body all the way in Japan, now we have to stay as them for 3 months(RP)
You might remember me as the “girl” catfishing guys with a bodysuit so I could take rides on their boats. It was fun for a while, but I realized if I was going to enjoy spending time on bigger, better boats, I’d need to upgrade my style... and my suit.
Ah, so you've found me, have you? Well, you should know, I don't grant wishes to just anyone, anymore. It was so dull answering so many lazy, one-liner requests "Make me a bimbo!" Ugh... So impress me with your wish if you want me to consider fulfilling it, otherwise...l need to go see my apprentice
“What do you mean I’m stuck like this for a week babe?” I couldn’t believe it. You always talked about how I had a few feminine features and I joked that i should have been a girl. I don’t know why you thought I was being serious. “What’s everyone gonna think? How’d you make me a girl!”
"Where are you going? You're the one with the idol and the only one who knows how it works, Aunt Deliah... so either you swap us back or you're staying put while your in my body." I was done playing games at this point, I just really wanted to be me again.
Ok this subreddit is fiction right? Let’s just say hypothetically, a guy was in the Air Force working on secret technology that accidentally turned him into a woman. And hypothetically, the Air Force stripped him of his duties and told him to stick to sports. What would you do? Hypothetically. (RP)
You had recently purchased a joy buzzer. To everyone else it looked normal, but you knew that if two people you shock back to back swap bodies. You just used it on me who are you swapping me with? (Rp)
I would love someone to play a girl I know or catfish me as certain celebs/tik tok stars/pornstars and become my cum sluts. U want my cock and cum, so come get it. Kik wereartthou1 or wickr wereartthou or snap hellothere24242
When our parents go out of town, my older sister is responsible of me. Last time she caught me trying to sneak out and told me I’d regret it if I tried again. I didn’t listen and she used mafic to change me. “Dinners almost ready sis! Can you change me now?” I felt a flash, “did you you take a pic?”
At a party with friends the lights went out and a few people mysteriously swapped with others. When I came to and the lights turned on I realized I had turned into one of the people I came here with. I walked out of the bathroom, looking around, but the party had more or less cleared. "Okayyyy..."
By 2050 advanced robotics made it possible for people to move their minds into synthetic bodies that looked like whatever they wanted. On my 18th birthday I got such a body. In my case I wanted to look like a beautiful cougar. All the guys are gonna flip when they see this.
They say you get what you pay for and in Alex's case, that was true. He needed a new identity to escape some legal trouble. He paid the Undergroup Swap Clinic what he could. They gave him Leah. He discovered her life was worse than his, just without the legal trouble... ◇ (RP Prompt)
"How was work?" Piper said. "It was OK. I didn't think I'd stay horny all day," I sighed. "How so?" she asked. "Well, how can you NOT when you're wearing sexy lingerie underneath?" "Most of us just feel empowered and forget about it." "HOW?! I'm drenched! Just take your pants off, I need some d-!"
“Hey guys I’m sorry I’m gonna get off for the night” I say to my friends, I step towards my bed when a faint metal clanking occurred in my kitchen “It’s a, Diamond ring?” I grab the ring before it nudges itself onto my ring finger, I pass out on the floor, waking up I feel different, Im not myself
"Just remember, I'm only going out on this date with you because I feel bad, got it?" After I was accidentally turned into a girl by a work accident, I'd been mooching off you, living on your sofa, eating your food... generally being a burden... now I was making it up to you... hopefully enough.
Can anybody make posts about him or her taking my aunts body
“I did it… I took control” I said looking at Lindsay Lohans body. “I’ve got to find someone right away I’m feeling really horny all of a sudden!” I said while adjusting my makeup
My friends and I all had a huge crush on Kevin’s mom, so we pooled together our savings to buy a realistic suit that looks just like her! Looks like I’m the first to try her on...
When your grandpa won the lottery you'd assume he'd buy a retirement home for himself. what you didn't expect was him to go missing and a Realtech android to show up in a crate. should you turn it on?
For some reason we did a class swap before spring break. Obviously stuff like this was going to happen. All the girls (boys inside) started sucking off their old bodies
Our agency had a big fashion presentation today, you know, tight dresses, extremely high heels and so on. My roommate though it would be funny to spike my take-to-work drink with the Gender changing powder on the exact same day. I need to get away before someone thinks I'm one of the models (rp)
I hacked into tiktok, and made my own custom filter... that would give me access to the body of whoever used it. I had a massive list of women's bodies I could dive in and out of at will now... but I keep coming back to this chick... over and over...
“O-okay… um… maybe this has gone a little far don’t you thi-mmm… fuck…” my mind goes blank as my friend slips in, after testing X-change with me. (Rp.)
It was dumb of me. I knew that my roommate had the power to alter reality, so how could I have been so stupid as to “let him do whatever” if he won the game? Well, now I’m facing the consequences in this new body...
After your second puberty, everything in your body changed except for your cock. You and i are friends and now we’re going on a date, i knock on your door and once you open it, my eyes widen. “Oh my goodness, you look so hot in a suit!” I say smiling. You haven’t told me about your cock(Rp detailed)
‘Are you sure I have to go bed daddy?’ I was an alien lifeform that crashed in your yard a year or so ago. You saved me, helping me to take your stepdaughter's body. I had been watching how your wife acted and videos on the internet, and I wanted to use my new body to my advantage!
What do you mean I only like weak flat-chested girls? First of all, I'm a grown ass woman! My breasts are nowhere near from being small and I could snap your neck off with these hips. It sounds like YOU don't understand about female anatomy. Now: take your cock out, sit down, and let me ride you!
You walk in on a mystery nude pregnant woman wolfing down food. A tablet in front of her. Seeing you enter, she stops. “Heeeyyyy dude…so I know you said I shouldn’t try the swapping app…but…I was curious.” (Open rp ama)
Time. It was a concept my best friend and I tried to figure out through the use of a time machine. Unfortunately, there was a flaw. It sent us into the body of someone else. Even worse? I was sent back to 1978, and became his aunt when she was in her mid-forties. Help! (RP)
I feel so stupid mishandling the Medallion of Zulo like that. No it’s long gone and I’m stuck as my best friend’s daughter permanently. I know I should enjoy this opportunity to start over but I can’t help but miss the life I built as a man.
I lost a bet with you and I had to wear a skin suit you designed I had no idea you planned for me to stay like this this suit was designed to turn me into your girlfriend who loves to give under the desk support no dude I’m not showing you my face this is embarrassing
The night before I had a Christmas party at my apartment and one of my friends left a box under my tree. When I opened it this morning I found this red dress, but before I could react it latched onto me and turned me into this milf-y form! I could remove the dress but my body wouldn't change back!
"Picture real quick!" Said the random girl (right) who approached me at the beach. I was taken aback, right before the picture was taken I suddenly shrank down turning into a woman, as she sapped my manhood out of me I swore I saw her breasts and ass growing! "Hehe have a good trip!" She beamed.
I am an ancient wendigo spirit. These filthy squatters known as “Canadians” invade and camp on my land every summer. I’m tired of it. I killed a girl so I could inhabit her skin, taking human form. Now I blend in, lure in these drunken idiots, and kill them one by one
I was granted the ability just once to hop into someone's body permanently for 10 minutes... When i chose my sexy neighbor out of sheer time constraint... I didn't take into account she was also a slut... Like a literal one... (RP)
My sister was upset my brother and I couldn’t be in her wedding, wishing we was born as girls or something. I wake up the next morning with loud knocking on my door. Rp
Why the hell would an all boys college choose Mean Girls as their school play? I’ve done theater my whole life and it’s my senior year. I can’t quit now (roleplay wanted)
[reddit lavalampharry1010] need a partner for a transformation RolePlay! Turn me into a girl and let’s see where things go!
Damn it dude you didn’t say your family’s family reunion was for a week. I swear I can already feel this body suit stick to me more. Rp
[kik: erin2774] my bestfriend saw me in public in my bodysuit. He asked me out on a date. I’m not sure if he knew it was me or not. Certainly he didn’t know it was me. Either way, I can’t wait for him to fuck me!
My girlfriend went behind my back. She booked us a vacation. But not an ordinary vacation. A vacation where we swapped bodies with our future self to see a possible future. Machine messed up, now I am in her future body. Pregnancy, Nursing, pleasing my husband...that was my future now. (RP)
My neighbor said that the magics would change me back after I learned my lesson. To appreciate and respect women. Until then I would need to live as one. What am I going to tell my wife when she gets home? It would have been one thing to just be a woman, but why a pregnant one!? (RP)
Emily disappeared last night on her walk. When she didn’t come home in the morning, I went after her. Hours of searching the woods, and I find here there, standing and smiling like nothing happened. I didn’t know that she was attacked and replaced by a skinwalker, and that I was the next victim
I had tried everything to lose weight, but nothing worked. So when I was approached and asked if I wanted to try a new sensory deprivation experiment to lose weight, I was all in. I never would have guessed it worked by putting you into a new fit bod. I mean at least I am attractive.
"You do nothing round here, I wish you could walk a mile in my shoes!" My Mom said, before switching our bodies. For a week, I have to do everything she would but I could get used to this...
Thanks for switching bodies with me. Now I have a better job, better resources and a better house to live. Sure I have a fiancé but I'm starting to fall for him. (DM or chat)
Y'all, I, Jane, have a problem: I'm in love with my own soulless body. With her lovely red hair, small but nice chest, and those eyes and smirk of hers...wow, do I just want to f**k her. I'm a soul, though, so I can't really touch her. What should I do?
you looked down at your former self with a teasing attitude. you loved your babysitter, some might call it obsessed. she had told you she was going back to school and that made you very upset! you had to figure out a way to keep her here, by any means necessary. (RP)
I thought it would be funny to take a bath in my stepmom’s bathroom. I figured why not use one of her girly bath bombs too!But something went horribly wrong... now I’m in her body!
Oh no, no, no! I was just…thinking about my girlfriend’s mom while masturbating. I never thought anybody would know. But…but suddenly I am her! What the hell am I gonna do! They’re saying on the news this happened to people around the world! There’s no way I can hide this! I’m so screwed!
When I woke up this morning, I found something new between my legs. I had grown a cock in my sleep. Not only that, but my boobs are smaller and voice is deeper. I’m afraid to go back to sleep again, but at the same time, the way it throbs is hypnotic. Gotta buy new underwear before I rip mine
I literally hate swap class. Every year there is an odd number of people. My best friend got his crush's body. Girlfriend swapped into his. And who do I get?? The substitute teacher! She isn't supposed to even teach that class again! How am I supposed to get out of her pregnant mom body! (RP)
When Kate meets Chloe, she thinks she has found her Tgirl dream. Little does she know that Chloe is cursed and plans to give the curse to Kate. Let the gender swap begin! My new story is now available for FREE on kindle unlimited.
The Great Swap took us all by surprise and changed the world forever. While it certainly took some getting used to, life inside my new body has created some…exciting opportunities. (rp open)
Ever since your mother passed, your father had been very lonely. To pass the time, he started taking X-Change. When you gave him a “special pill”, he didn’t hesitate. Of course, you didn’t tell him that it was a Bimbo forget pill.
The construction guys I worked with usually treated me the same after my second puberty hit. But there were times they got rowdy and messed with me. Most of the time I just rolled my eyes, but sometimes it kind of turned me on. (RP)
You signed up for the amateur wrestling match, and they said they had an outfit for you. It got pretty chaotic backstage and they shoved you out as soon as you slipped into your suit. It wasn't until you got in the ring you noticed your big tits and knew this wasn't a normal match. (RP)
Who would you swap with?
I have the best job ever, whenever an actress has finished a movie, i swap bodies with them to deal with the press, my newest client is miss Johansson. "Hey everyone~" And all i have to do is answer questions. (Rp)
“For the last time man, you can’t touch them!” Since my second puberty my best friend has been begging to feel my new boobs, I guess one touch couldn’t hurt…
Stealing my Bully's older sister's body was a stroke of genius. there's nothing he can do to me, and I can do everything to ruin his reputation. I'll start by seeing if my friends wanna hang out with the new me.
“I don’t wanna swap back”, I was a treasure hunter who was ready to give it up. Brie convinced me to do this one last adventure with her. When we got the the temple it swapped our bodies, it’s now been a week and she thinks she knows how to swap back
Emily, god rest her soul, was in an accident, one where her body was safe, but her soul was gone. It was a tragedy that her body roamed the earth as a hollow remnant of a sleepy beauty. All the pain and the mourning, I decided that her life was worth more than mine, so I died to give her body a soul
After getting drunk one night we pissed off these two girls at the bar they muttered something but we couldn't make it out and when we woke up in the morning we where them, we guessed their body's where still a little drunk(RP)
I had a crush on my neighbour for years. When I found an old possesion spell, the first thing I did was try it on her. I know I should give her body back, but I am having the time of my life. I may never leave.
I'm one of the richest people ever, i have so much money that i baught and swapped into Elizabeth Olsen's body, i was an old man, but now i'm one of the sexyest women alive, too bad that i didnt hire security, because now i'm locked in your basement. (RP)
This whole second puberty thing is a disaster, I ended up looking just like my step-mom who I'd and my friends would always call a bimbo for her hug tits and blonde locks, now I'm the one in her shoes and I get even more attention, If only this thing could cover my tits but this zipper cant keep up
my secretary stole my body just as I was leaving for a month long Europe trip with my family. I have been trying to find out any way to fix this but I think she must have swapped more then just bodies cause I feel like I'm not as smart as I was. and I can't remember how to do my old job(rp)
College is crazy. I got into a huge fight with my roommate and had to move to a new dorm. I moved my stuff over on a Friday. I was surprised to see that my roommates are girls. One of them looks at me. “Omg! You must be Brandon. Want to come out with us tonight? Are you into bodysuits too?” (Rp)
(RP) I was always rather intrigued by busty Latinas, but I never though that I would wake up one morning in a huge mansion as one! It looks as if this body belongs to someone's trophy wife, so I might as well enjoy this! Oh, wait...I hear him coming...
My dad had been depressed ever since his divorce. Trying to think of how to help him I let him in on my plan to undergo a Bodyshare with an older woman. Her daughter was interested in the idea so he was able to get a bodyshare with her! These days I take on the parental role in our relationship.
I woke to a strange sight: a ginger who acted robotically then suddenly became human, telling me "Wow Amy, you should've seen your face, haha!," even using my laugh, THEN, after I realized she was my *body*, frowned and told me "But seriously, it's MY time to shine and you're not taking it away."
[Day 1] “Ugh why won’t this body customization app work” after the new release of the body morphers app I was standing in the body of a woman but it looks oddly like me but… a female version of me, no need to worry I can just *ERROR LIMITED ATTEMPTS REACHED DELETING APP*
I never quite realized just how interesting my best friend (right) was. She discovered a spell that allowed to swap peoples' bodies, and demonstrated it by putting me in the body of my crush. In a giddy trip of power she told me she'd only change me back if I did what she said... and here we are.
Hey man I did it, I've taken your wife's place, now what? Rp
I’d gotten put in a coma after an accident during football practice. It’d only been a month before my dad and his trophy wife decided that it would be a shame to let my body and it’s muscles waste away, so they decided to let her take my body. They didn’t expect me to wake up though.
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS A FEMALE BODY AM HERE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP
(RP) I always had a fascination with Playboy models and wished that I could end up being with one. In a sense, I guess I got my wish, because I woke up one morning as a particularly fit and busty brunette just as she was about to do her photoshoot! Who knew that it could feel so good to be watched?
My sister only knew one spell and she was really annoying with it. Just before she went on a road trip she used it on me and her best friend. It gets more irritating because I have to act natural according to the spell, cause if I don't it becomes permanent! I looked to her from the front seat.
I was the chancellor for his majesty, a rather well respected king, but at the same time, a cruel one. After years of seeing him take out suspected witches, my fellow kin as I was secretly a wizard, I wanted revenge. So what was once a king was now a princess. (Rp)
So I may have messed up... I knew that you could only be in a skinsuit for an hour at a time or else it fuses with you but I let the popularity at the con go to my head! I competed in competitions, flirted with guys, and hell... I even signed a contract to come back next year! I guess I'll have to!
Last week I made viral infamy as Soup Karen. But I swear to God it wasn't me! Someone possessed me! Could you guys help me? How can I keep it from happening again!? Was it one of you?
My wife and i had decided to swap bodies the day before our wedding. She was to attend my bachelor party. It was actually kind of fun being in her body until I noticed her best friend wasn’t there. I soon found out when i received a video of my to be wife fucking her friend using my body!(Rp wanted)
Anyone else feel more of a desire for swapping when you are stressed. I find that stress and general exhaustion is when i get that itch
In swap class we were encouraged to keep up our partners hobbies and well I’m not complaining! I get to dance sexy and tease the girl in my old body while she struggles playing football! What not to love hehe
I was walking past what I thought was an old abandoned building, when a ray of green light shot out of the window and turned me into… this. I get home and post on all my social media. “I’m not sure what happened to me, but this is me. Be nice” (RP)
Thanks for agreeing to suit up as my stepmom Lori, dude! I know this is weird but... she’s a such a milf... I’m obsessed with her fit body. With YOUR fit body...
people always get the FOSE all wrong. it's not an instant body swap across the country to whatever you jerked off to, it was a slow and painful transformation into whatever you were thinking about. I've been hiding it so far but you walked in on me, yeah I'm turning into your ex girlfriend bro.
You had just woken up to me calling your phone. I was your friend on the other line saying “Dude, where the fuck are you? Today is the last day of the swap class to get your body back. This chick says if you don’t show up now she’s gonna run off with your body. So hurry!”
As I felt my former cock enter my new, worn out, and loose pussy I felt the magic seal me in this body. I had been having a bachelor party and the stripper took me to a private room and offered me a special treat, body swapped sex. I was curious and drunk so I said yes. now im her forever(rp)
"I give up the mob and this is what I get; a crummy new body and a life in the burbs? I knew you guys were cheap." After ratting out my former employer I was placed in witness protection, given a body the mob would never expect Jimmy the Butcher would inhabit.
"So, like, you are, like, so, totally going to, like, swap us back, yeah?" My poor brain couldn't comprehend that you had been a guy cursed to be a bimbo who had found a way to swap bodies with me, forcing me into your bimbo-cursed body.
All right I'm in your wifes body, what now? Rp
When I came over to my friends house I was surprised when his mom pulled me aside and confronted me with knowledge that I was a Trader. She could tell because she was one too! We agreed to switch places for a few weeks to try each other’s lives and bodies.
"you have to delete that video!" I say after I find this online from when you hopped into my body. "you can't post my body like that. I won't be able to be a teacher if they find me on a porn website." (RP)
You thought it would be an easy $100 when your sister said she needed to swap for the weekend. That was until this guy showed up at her place taking about you owing him money. (RP)
When my boyfriend mentioned that he might be bicurious, I offered to swap bodies for a day so he could explore comfortably. It was really cute watching him hold a dick for the first time! I didn’t expect him to go as far as he did, and I didn’t expect him to be so good at it
Title: Lindsey
I went on a date with this girl I met on tinder, she promised a date I'd never forget. We sat down at a nice outdoor cafe, however the moment my butt hit the seat I realized I was looking at myself! My body smiled at me "Relax! It's only temporary, let's just enjoy our day." He grinned to me.
My wife and i had decided to swap bodies the day before our wedding. She was to attend my bachelor party. It was actually kind of fun being in her body until I noticed her best friend was present. I soon found out when i received a video of my to be wife fucking her friend using my body! (Rp wanted)
I've loved every second since you gave me your sister's skin. I love looking so cute, living her life and when you use my new form as your personal fleshlight
“oh shut it will you!” the great swap turned you from eccentric billionaire to a 21yo ditzy college girl. you had no way of reallocating your assets, and your old friends just teased you relentlessly. the girl’s wardrobe was built to show her body off…well yours now (RP)
"Oh hey! Good job, you found me asshole." Once you realized your sister was swapped, you freaked out, the only person smart enough to do this was me... the kid you'd bullied for years, "Yeah, unlimited access to your bitchy sisters body... don't fuck anyone? Too late."
"Look I FINALLY left the house, are you happy? I came to this shitty house party with you, can we leave now? That dudes giving me creepy stares." Ever since the great shift turned me female, I've been hiding in my room, but with how pretty I was, you knew the attention I would get could cheer me up!
"Trust me, you're lucky I'm not doing worse with her body." You were mad when I got your girlfriends body in swap class, considering I was a nuisance of a nerd... but now that I hacked the Swap system and kept her body... it's worse. "How the fuck does she deal with this fringe? I guess it's cute."
Your mom hated that you were dating a black girl, so much so that she framed me for drug possession. Thanks to a body swap spell, she's serving the sentence in my body and we can have kinky fun with hers
"You really don't think I enjoy this?" I asked smugly from the body of your girlfriend; once a long time friend was now living it up inside of her after the FOSE. I mean which was worse me thinking about her... or her thinking about me?
I had tried everything to lose weight, but nothing worked. So I was surprised when a new clinical trial was starting, and asked me to participate. “ Fat redistribution”….. at least I am attractive???
"Not the life I would have chosen for myself," Malcolm mused as he looked out the window. When he was dying, a company offered him a second chance if he agreed to let them experiment on him. Of course he did, and as a result he found himself in the body of a middle aged, married woman.
A misogynistic friend of mine recently said something along the lines of "Girls can barely live without a dick in there mouth." Which I just found in poor taste. Of course with alittle bit of magic we could put his theory to the test. Maybe he'll find it in poor taste now. (Rp)
My best friends girlfriend and I was fighting last night. He wished we’d understand each other better. I didn’t think to much about it til I woke up this morning feeling weird. Rp?
In 2007, a few years after the spooky island situation, the demons who survived, came up with a new plan. To take over Hollywood. It’s been a long process, kidnapping celebs and taking their bodies. So long that I’ve been scarlet since the first avengers movie.
I recently swapped into this gorgeous babe and sent a vid to my best friend. He proceeded to send me a video back. I think ima have to visit him tomorrow
I was a little late taking down the Christmas tree this year. You had a bad feeling about it and stayed clear, leaving me to do all the work. As I start cleaning up by taking off the star on top, something went wrong. I feel a little bit different... what are you staring at?
The text I got about meeting you at an abandoned warehouse “to show me something wild” was kind of sketchy... but this skinsuit was state of the art! I can see why you wanted to keep it a secret!
after getting the swap ring. i put my soul into my bullies and his soul into his girlfriend. i later found out that his girlfriend craves his cock. it seems like he would do anything for his old cock.
my girlfriend and i hated college. she said she found a way to switch bodies with someone and she suggest that we switch into a wealthy and hot couple. i agreed because i didnt believe her. i was in class when i switched bodies with a older guy who was on a boat. i looked down to see a hot wife.
my boss fired me in the most humiliatingly way. i wanted to get back at him so when i got this reality ring. i put his body into his daughter's then using the ring, force him to be my fuck toy. he cant even leave my apartment anymore.
i love this shower and im never moving out. somehow, my shower gives me the ability to shapeshift but only in the shower. i lost count of how many girls i shifted into.
i wanted to see my son have a girlfriend and get married soon. he was a bit of a loser and unlucky with the ladies. but the thing is i have a disease that was killing me. so i possess this hot girl from his college and sent him this video.
the Great Shift put me in my mom's busty friend. and now im living the dream. i get to play games all day while masturbating to this sexy body. and if im ever low on money, i put a camera behind me to rack up some cash.
I’m watching to much incest porn these days. I feel like this is putting a bad impact on my thinking. Yesterday we were at beach. Mom wearing bikini i walk behind her. Mom’s big ass making me so horny. I start making her videos and first time i got boner because of my mother. Is I’m real incest now?
My little sister swaps our bodies, before I was a guy and now a 16 year old girl help me (Rp)
I'd recently gotten promoted to assistant manager at my place of work, only to find out that my Boss was actually stealing and embezzling from our checks, especially the womens. So I decided to demote him to one of the women employees, a clutzy new hire, while I promoted to the new Boss. (Rp)
While out at the beach I was working on a sand castle to pass the time when some asshole came over and destroyed it, then moving on to brag about it to some chick. As revenge I made sure that he wouldnt have the strength to knock it over again. (Rp)
I was pretty lucky to be thinking about Mrs. Valerie Redford’s amazing boobs when the FOSE hit. I’ve got the envy of just about every guy in town. Valerie is pretty annoyed to have lost her beautiful trophy wife status but I think having my old abs will help make up for it.
Finally my parents left me alone. They’ve been watching me like a hawk every since I got Mrs. Branford’s body during the FOSE, worried I’d disrespect it further. But I played good and convinced them I wouldn’t do anything. Now that I have some alone time I can explore my new body!
“Can you do a normal photo, please?” I politely asked, but I already knew the answer would be no. I agreed to take you, my best friend, on a family vacation. You had thought I’d put you into my dad, but… I put you into my little sister Julia. “Come on man… my parents are getting suspicious!” (RP)
As I see you walk in and sit, I can’t help but giggle. “Hi, my name is Adriana. I’ll be your server for tonight!” Recently, I had both developed a crush on you, but discovered my hopping powers. From that day, I made it my mission to become every girl you thought was hot. Starting with Adriana. (RP)
When Saint Ida Technologies forced us to pay an outrageous debt, they gave us two options. Either pay $700k or pay $15k and be part of a swap experiment. Since I was the youngest of the family, my parents threw me at the experiment… and I just got home to see you standing at our door. (RP)
“This drink you made is really good” as I took another sip. I didn’t realize I changed into a girl yet. You invited me over for drinks and I happily agreed, not knowing you slipped an x-change pill in my drinks. “Hey so what did you want to talk about so badly?”
I can't believe my luck! Out of all the bodies at Exchange Island, I ended up as this gorgeous babe for the next 2 weeks. There's no way my friends will recognize me, especially now that I slipped on this little number I found in her luggage
One moment I was looking down at this very girl as she said she'd suck my dick, and the next I was looking up at my old body. "Wow it actually worked! Haha, if you want your body back you're gonna have to play the part." My body laughed at me as I, embarrassed, began to act like her.
I was a teacher and one student failed the exam today. I offered her a chance to try again but she demanded I just give her a passing grade. In the end she stormed out of my office and few minutes later I was suddenly in the girls bathroom in her body (rp)
hello. i came to this sub to grant peoples wishes. are you one of the lucky ones who get it? or will fate take over?
You get to college and find your dorm. You see a girl sitting on one bed. “Hi, you must be my roommate. I’m Taylor. It’s nice to meet you!” (RP)
It was shocking to hear that my best friend was actually swapped at birth. I know it has been difficult for him to adjust so I said me and him should take a trip. I was really surprised when he showed up in this dress and he told me he's trying to embrace his new body. (RP)
A little question?
The fresh air was fantastic, but your new body was something else entirely. I knew you wanted to get in shape but isn’t this a bit much?
I was a construction worker before the swap. Now the foreman is firing me! Apparently I’m distracting the other workers... I don’t get what he’s talking about.
I wished to become a world famous cellist. My wish was granted, but I think I’m way in over my head! I swapped bodies with this woman while the conductor was disciplining her for missing the big entrance!
The Subreddit just hit 30,000 members and I am now the second moderator! Here’s a random photo from Reddit of tits to grab your attention to this occasion
i split my soul and my other half put me into a college girl to check up on my son. but i ended up falling in love with him. i became his girlfriend and hook up with him. i noticed that i fuck my son more than i used to fucked my husband. just dont tell my other half about this.
your ex had been planning this for years. a perfect revenge, only issue is that I sprang the trap instead of you. I was hypnotized and feminized till I was unrecognizable and it took the both of you years to find me in some small country town. but now that you've found me you guys can snap me out!
You were granted the ability to swap bodies with the next person you held hands with, but this ability would disappear in 5 minutes. So you ran out of your home and started searching for someone to swap with before time out. Who did you choose?
I was very drunk while at a bar and when a rap song came on i said some choice words... A witch overheard me and punished me making me one of the sexiest female rappers... Who did I wake up as? (RP)
Some cases of the FOSE were certainly weirder than others. In your case, two women had orgasmed to you at the time of the event making you swap with both of them. Your old body now had two minds wrestling control of it, and you woke up controlling two bodies that were across the city from eachother.
That idiot genie, all I wanted to do was make my history professor happy since all he’s so is complain about his wife, how was I supposed to know I’d turn into his wife, rummaging through the room I come across nothing but vibrators till I hear a voice closely to my teachers “honey I’m home!”
my girlfriend just broke up with me yesterday. but today, was the Great Shift, and i landed in some hot guy with a BBC. my girlfriend begged to have me back, but it was time to give her hot older sister a chance.
i have this strange condition where i possess people who are having sex nearby. and i have to cum to return back. i chose to be a college professor to experience the youthful drive again but one day. i switch bodies with this guy who was banging my own daughter?!
"how about this body babe, dont you used to have a thing for goths?" my girlfriend died in a car crash but her soul remained here. she can possess people and we are finding another permanent host for her.
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANT TO POSSESS A FEMALE BODY AM HERE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP
So yeah, I can't show you my big boobs because everyone who looks at them for just a second turns into a stupid slutty bimbo... OH FUCK! Sorry! Ahahahahahah!
"Heh, cheers for the body man. I'm so glad your sister managed to sneak away to my swap party.. now I got this cute bod' for myself!" I was the perv of our neighborhood, and now I was your sister... about to flee my own swap party... "My new pussy's drippin' too... damn."
It was awkward to explain to my boss that after the con I somehow got stuck in my skinsuit... but luckily I had a way to convince him to not let me go! And he didn't! All I needed to do was show up in my full cosplay at his house tonight! I couldn't wait to talk it over with him!
I never thought the Great Shift would be real, I was about to win my soccer match when I suddenly appeared on the beach in this girls body, I'm beautiful, I'll just chill out and enjoy this life...
"I hate you. No amount of magic will ever change that." But I realise that's what you wanted. You wanted my hatred of you to endure underneath, but be suppressed by an insatiable lust for you, an inability to publicly act as anything other than your girlfriend, and a need to dress to impress (M2F)
I was pretty furious that my wife was thinking about our handsome pool boy when the FOSE hit. She had ruined our marriage by doing this! In the months since I’ve calmed down and found that he’s actually more fun as a wife then she ever was. Too bad I need to hire a new pool boy.
To prevent incompetent royals from seizing powers a new law was passed. Once a year someone of equal age could challenge the princess and win her identity. This is the first year the princess lost. (RP/Ama)
My evil stepmom always wanted a daughter so she faked the records and said I’d been swapped at birth with this girl, now she’s making me her perfect daughter! Help me!
"What? You expected me to be scared to be you? Oh my god you're so fucking stupid. I LIKE being you, it's easier, and I can fuck all your friends from your body so easy... Of course I'm using your body like that! No one was shocked when I came out." The FOSE turned out better for me than her...
You were always jealous of me. My perfect life seemed a bit too perfect and you were finally getting revenge with your new remote, With it you could swap me into anyones body nearby. Who did you swap me with? (Rp)
My brothers girlfriend wanted someone to hang out with at the pool party she was going to, she asked me. When I was handed a bikini, I found out what she meant as I turned into a girl. I still went but now my brothers friend is the one who’s been keeping me company all night (Dm to rp)
I was raised by wolves in the wild until I found myself back among civilization, my first time seeing a human woman was in the mirror of all places. I'm slowly learning to adjust but it might take some time, seems like the rest of the world was right there with me.
i sometimes possess my son to bang her girlfriend. but i found out that my wife does the same to his girlfriend. we freaked out because every time we were in their bodies, we heard signs of sex from our room. it seems that it wasn't a possession spell we are using but a body swap spell.
My aunt was about to go into debt and would have had to sell her body off, she begged me to buy her body so some pervert didn't buy her body, I didn't really have a choice but now I'm stuck with her body. "Hey guys, sorry I'm late, just had to drop off my ID with my aunt."
YES! finally i found a girl on swap class who wanted to swap!..............w..what?!? I just got to myself and i felt odd between my legs..Not that what i imaginated....its a freaking diaper! The girl was incontinent! And run avay with my body! (Rp)
Okay... I’m officially done trying to learn how to ski, dude. It was nice of you to plan this winter getaway for us but I think my bodysuit is messing up my balance! I keep falling on my ass!
"you cant send me those kind of videos. thats our son's girlfriend. i know young people have urges but please hang on for a bit longer. i have the machine almost finished" it took alot to send that because i was crushing hard on my son's girlfriend. and my wife isnt helping.
my daughter's hot friend came to me asking to switch bodies for the day. she wanted to figure what my daughter wanted for her birthday. i agreed and here i am. at her house, masturbating and putting on sexy clothes.
there was an odd amount of students in swap class and i ended up having to switch with one. me being the teacher and all. i swap with this goth chick but i ended up loving her body. it turns out, she was loving mine because at the end of the semester. she came to me asking to keep my body.
"Heh, cheers for the body man. I'm so glad your sister managed to sneak away to my swap party.. now I got this cute bod' for myself!" I was the perv of our neighborhood, and now I was your sister... about to flee my own swap party... "My new pussy's drippin' too... damn."
me and my best friend wanted to go to japan and these Japanese sister reached out to us, asking to switch bodies because they always wanted to go America. we agree but once we were in their bodies, we didnt explore Japan but rather, stayed home most days.
i swap bodies with one of my daughter's friends because of the FOSE. it turns out that she was thinking about me, and always liked me. she asked to keep the swap a secret and i agree. now im living life as a college girl.
I made one too many jokes about my daughter's weight and I guess she had enough, she forced me to go to the swap clinic and "see how hard it is". Only issue was that it wasn't hard at all, I practically sculpted her a perfect body. and if I'm honest I don't see why I should give it back.
my sister swap bodies with our science teacher to change her grades but somehow, i was caught in the loop and swap bodies with the teacher's husband. after she change her grade she called me over to bang. how can i refuse my hot teacher. but it turns out that cum makes the swap permanent.
It was like muscle memory from the previous owner, covering my tits when my dad came by to check on me. “Dad, could you wait til I get a top on, I’ll be inside soon”
im so glad my girlfriend is a shapeshifter. but she is ruining me. we often skip college classes together and she makes me spend way to much money on her. but its all worth it though. i woke up to the strict and mean swim captain sucking me off, being all cute and submissive.
"Yes, it's gone. Yes, it's really gone. See? Can we just get out of here," Alex was frustrated and just wanted to be anywhere but here. He was the first reported Swapped at Birth case in his state. He tried to contest it in court but lost, losing the body he grew up in to the woman he now was.
This year's swap class would be unforgettable. Every teacher would be included and they had decided to purposely sabotage the machine in order to make the swaps permant thus remaining in our younger bodies. Are we teachers or students? Who did we end up as?(Rp)
All three of my best friends got hit by the great shift. Its been pretty awkward for me considering I'm still me. I guess its the way it is but I invited one of them to the bar to watch the game with me. (RP)
What in the world am I wearing? Why are my hands so small? Never mind that, what the hell are these saggy tits on my chest! Wait, isn't this the blue dress my plump old neighbor was wearing today? Please tell me this isn't happening...
Google Image Result for https://i.redd.it/ljs78hjzjry51.jpg
“Okay I’m in this goofy pink dress now, have you had fun tormenting me?”.In our family, all of the girls can learn magic once they turn 18. My younger sisters birthday was earlier this week and she’s making me her test subject. “Yesterday I was your dog and today I’m a girl?What’s the point of this”
"See you around, Millie" I say in my best attempt at a sultry tone as I walk my sexy temporary body to my apartment. Thanks to swap class I get to tease Millie with her own body for the rest of the semester! I think she has a crush on me...
My mom and I were kidnapped by a crazy scientist and used as subjectss for his twisted experiments. I now have the body of a gymnast, the breasts of a stripper, and the most messed up, the head of my own mom! I guess I'll have to try live on my own now as some sort of freak...(rp)
To say I was enjoying the long weekend as my neighbors daughter wouldn't be overstating anything. Due to a complication with my new mind reading device, I accidentally swapped out bodies. She seemed all too excited to be free from school and work for a little, so I obliged to delay my repairs.
My sister, in the multi colored dress, was the inheritor of my mom's incredible magic when she passed. But she wasn't a level headed as mom, the first weekend with her powers she turned me from her older brother to her younger sister at a friend's party and said she'd "consider" reversing it later.
"Now you see why I couldn't resist right?" Being best friends with a ghost is usually not hard for you, but this time... I possessed your girlfriend. "If she doesn't wanna be possessed why does she leave her sexy back exposed, dude! Come on, we can do whatever you want with her!"
It’s been 24 hours since I decided to teach my spoilt pampered girlfriend how hard life can be so I swapped her body with that of a homeless guy.. it’s time to swap them back but I feel like he wants to stay and not go back to the streets, he’s doing everything he can to persuade me into staying..
I promise he will never know the difference, my friend asked me to help her rekindle her marraige, rp
The last thing I remember was diving into the pool, next thing I know it was like I was drowning. Rushing to the side to pull myself out, my heart racing while I slowly took notice that my body wasn't my own. I don't think that was chlorine in the pool.
I had been moaning that I hadn't had much sex before I went to bed. I woke up in this body and I can hear someone coming
I got invited over to a party with my girlfriend at her friend's house. We got there and I started to drink a little bit and made fun of the girl for being a witch but instead of being angry she handed me a drink. I took it but passed put and woke up an hour later and I had tits. What happened.
Strange
Listen this is fun and all but how much longer do I have to pretend that I’m your girlfriend? shouldn’t your friends be convinced by now? I mean come on I’m your brother for crying out loud! I said to you as I sat there in a new bikini you bought me. (Dm to rp)
At random moments I find myself swapping with this older woman. She seems to like it, acting like she is me and partying like crazy. Every change lasts longer than the last, but she claims she doesn't understand how it happens either. I think she's getting addicted to being me... is she behind this?
As I was taking my girlfriend to billiard, something happened when I tried helping her hit the ball. I couldn't see anymore and I could feel someone holding me. We swapped bodies. (Rp always open)
To try cure my porn addiction my friend cast a spell that made me more feminine every time I jerked off, not only did it not deter me, I think it made me hornier!
“What the fuck?!” The great shift happened. one moment you’re an 18 year old guy, the other moment you’re a woman in het late 20’s lying naked in a bathtub with her fiancee... “what happened?!” maybe this guy also got shifted and he’ll understand...
25 [F4M] Possess a body and let's share my boyfriend!
The FOSE landed my roommate in my girlfriend’s body about 4 days ago. Everyday since then i’ve been resisting my urges until today when he came to me and asked to do it. He was so shy in her body, trying not to show how much he was enjoying it the whole time
“C’mon. Make me stop… I’m waiting… haha, You can’t do anything!” Poor Steph heard her voice say. She signed up for an experiment which would allow for her body to be “mounted” using a chip planted into her neck. Now, some sadist was possessing her, and was tormenting her as she struggled internally!
Me and my two best friends decide to do a sex game with our girlfriends, we swap bodies with them in random way and our girlfriends do the same with us. now our new “boyfriends” are ready to fuck us from behind, we wonder how it feels to be fuck by our owns dick
"This is cheating!" I protested. Since childhood I would sometimes wrestle with my sister , the loser having to do what the winner told him for the day. As we got older I pretty much won everytime being a much stronger male. This time I suddenly found myself on the ground in my sisters body (rp)
It was humiliating! My girlfriend signed me up for an experimental swap! Now I'm stuck as her pet while the pet gets to date her! I have a week to swap back! (RP)
Me and my freind where at a bar late at night when this random girl bumped into me. I felt disy and woke up in her body, currently sucking a big cock.
i was in a ton of debt to you with no way of paying it. you promised me id suffer, but i wouldn’t know how until it happened. one morning my beautiful daughter came downstairs, dressed differently than usual. “hey jay, what do you think of the new me?” she said with a spin “told you you’d suffer” RP
My friend and I signed up for swap class. We were secretly hoping we’d wind up as each other. Little did we know, Ashley and Jenna O’Neill were forced to sign up by their parents because of their bad grades. They were the hottest and most popular girls in school and now we are in their bodies. (RP)
Waking up to this sight wasn't something Austin had anticipated. What he didn't know was that he had just been brought in on a kinky game between a man and his wife, where they will swap people at random into her body for as long as they find it fun. This time it was Austin's turn... ◇ (RP Prompt)
As any 13 year old boy, i had a baby sitter. She was 18 years old. One day she came over to babysit me and told me she had a date with her boyfriend but didn’t wanna go... then she magically swapped our bodies and now I'm forced to go on a date for her, but I'm only 13! Or I'm 18 now? (RP)
Once a respected and great ruler centuries ago. When you were infected with the plague you had ordered a sorcerer to preserve your body until the cure could be found. After that your body got lost and the spell was tampered with. Causing you to turn into a woman. Now living in 2022 and adjusting
I missed my connection but the gate agent offered me an upgrade on my next flight... this wasn’t what I had in mind! I think the captain wants to see me... some in-flight entertainment perhaps?
Oh no my girlfriend will be over any second. My remote for my TV broke and so I ordered a new one from some website and when it got here I asked my gf to come hangout. While I waited I decided I'd watch some TV but when I clicked a button I turned into a girl and now I can't switch back. (DM for RP)
For a year now I tried to talk to a girl in my class who I had a crush on but everytime i tried her nerdy boyfriend would always make thing weird and awkward for us, as I laid in bed that night I wished I could spend more time with her, waking up in the morning I was now her(RP)
This past Christmas I got my transgender friend Lacy a special present: A headswap with me! It’s so strange going from Cis to Trans woman but I’m coming to terms. My husband still needs some convincing though. Maybe some shower sex will help bring him around.
Things have been interesting since I agreed to a secret headswap with my mom. We kept it a secret so I have to cover up and pretend to be a normal guy in public. When I get home though I can just relax and explore my new more feminine self as much as I want.
My best bud had been pretty depressed ever since his girlfriend dumped him last month. With his birthday coming up I figured a great way to cheer him up was to find his ex-GF and get her to agree to a secret headswap with me. He’s gonna love it when I give him his ‘present’…
Life moves fast. Just three months ago, my new stepdad and stepbrother moved in with my mom and I. Almost immediately, my step brother looked ill and slowly started becoming a female. It turns out he has second puberty and is now a stepsister (RP)
[F4A] I will roleplay or chat anything with you
The gypsy laughs as she waves her hand at you... "I'm a fat old hag am I" she cackled as a bolt of light emits from her hand. Suddenly you look down and your body, a 48 year old chubby woman and let out a piercing scream
Looking to have some possession/body swap talks!
Every since my best friend went to the swap clinic, they've been much more confident than usual. After I complimented them one day, they've been very flirty with me, even offering to take me to the clinic. (DM 2 RP)
My sister always hated being short. She was 4’8 and I was 6’5. She found a swapping spell online and asked me to switch for the day. What she didnt know was is that I always wanted to know what it’s like to be a girl
I married my wife (pictured) a couple years ago, while you, my co-worker, were living the bachelor's life, hooking up with a girl or two every week. After a heated argument that each other had the better life, we both wished to ourselves we could swap and the next morning our wish came true! (RP)
I sigh as I look up to you. When you won a free couples vacation to the British Virgin Islands, I hadn’t expected you to call me with an offer of a lifetime. You’d put me in a girl of your choice, and I’d get to go! I never expected someone so hot and horny like Rosa though… (RP)
"How much better is it, being her?" I ask as you use my stepdaughter's hand to jerk me off. You'd been living rough, a middle aged heroine addict. Now you're a young woman with a second chance of life, just gotta treat your new stepdad well...
FTM
"Yeah dude like... I get that you're hitting on me and stuff, but I'm on X-change right now so... if you wanna sleep together just... remember I might wake up as a dude tomorrow." Taking X-change before I go out is fun, until I have to explain to everyone that I'm secretly a guy...
All of Alex's friends pitied him. He was a Swapped at Birth victim. He went from being a successful bachelor to a single mother. He was tired of the pity so he started a group video chat and gave all his friends quite the show. Doubt they'd pity him as much now.
The great shift was extra hard for me. I swapped with a super hot girl, but her entire wardrobe was just tight clothes, all her skirts and pants were super short, and every where I went I just wanted to rip them off, not because they were uncomfortable... because I was turned on.
As any 13 year old boy, i had a baby sitter. She was 18 years old and i hated her. One day she came over to babysit me and told me she had a date with her boyfriend but didn’t wanna go... then she magically swapped our bodies and now I'm forced to go on a date for her, but I'm only 13! Or I'm 18 now
My neighbor is a complete idiot. He had to test his body swap machine on me and his daughter right before the family vacation? And it had to malfunction too. Now I’m stuck as his daughter for at least a week. I’m not allowed to tell his wife, and “my” boyfriend is on his way! (RP)
[M4A] Mutual Change RP
The news was calling me “The Birkin Bandit” and “The Gucci Ghost.” Stealing all these expensive jewels and handbags is easy when you can just put on a new skinsuit for each crime!
Damn it dude you didn’t say your family’s family reunion was for a week. I swear I can already feel this body suit stick to me more. Rp
The swap operation was a success! Now came the awkward part... texting all my friends the news and a new picture for me in their phone. I like this one... what do you think?
My wife’s girl crush is Mia Malkova so when I saw her on the celebrity swap app I had to put my name on the waiting list. I hadn’t heard anything for 2 months until I finally got a notification the day before our honeymoon. I want to enjoy our romantic vacation, but I almost want to enjoy this more
this resort is amazing, every time you go to sleep you wake up in the body of a different person and by the end of your stay you return to your body. yesterday I was an older guy but a total babe was sleeping next to me. today I am this hot cheek and my new partner seems to be taking a shower (RP)
"i, i don't know what happened to me, did you do this?" i ask as i was changing in front of you all by your hand, the magic remote changing my very being slowly, first physically and soon mentally
I continue reading the book in front of me before smiling. Your girlfriend, Leah, had cheated on you, so I thought I’d help and take her place since she didn’t deserve it. You weren’t fully supportive yet, but I knew how to change that. “I can see you rubbing yourself man… want me to help?” (RP)
My sisters husband absolutely hates me, to the point he has forbidden me from visiting. So she had the idea to turn me into a girl so I could visit for her birthday pool party. What neither of us expected was for me and the husbands lesbian sister to get along so well. (DM to RP)
You were dying so doctors put you in the only body they had available. Being 3 feet tall without arms will be a challenge for you though. (RP)
“Sit still… we’re putting on the final touches now. And….look in the mirror at the new you. You look gorgeous!!! Now you just need to seduce the CEO and prove that he’s not loyal to his wife.” (RP)
you needed a break from you life, a quick vacation. you had heard about a shady site that allowed you to swap bodies with someone across the planet for a week, and you decided you’d try it. you family would never know, and you’d get the break you needed! which did you choose? RP
you were getting arrested, finally caught after a life of crime. they dragged you out of your house where you caught eye contact with your young cute neighbor. you locked eyes onto her and forcibly swapped with her, smirking back at your old body as it started to scream and cry. (RP)
finding out your husband was hiding something from you is always harsh. it's even worse when you find out i was hiding a skinsuit of some stripper that i would hear whenever you left. you only found out because I can't get it off this time
All Might was slowly dying, He couldn't escape this but deku couldn't do without his mentor so he arranged for his mind to be placed in another body. MT lady's. the confusion I felt was obvious when I woke up in a healthy, but Female body.
You and i are friends. You had a crush on me, but i wasn’t gay. So you possessed our teacher, that you know i have a crush on. It was the next day, and i walked into class. I take my seat and i don’t know anything about what you did. (Rp)
“Dude... fuck! Why me?” I had a rare, never before seen case of second puberty where every symptom happened in one single night. I woke up and sent you this photo. “My doctor says it’s fucking permanent... can you come over and bring some clothes? I can’t go out like this!”
Due to her latest COVID related scandal, AOC needed a break from her life, so she offered me to swap with her. it seems that she might enjoy my life too much
Amber was an edgy girl who often played by her own rules. However, one day, this attitude backfired on her as she messed with the wrong guy. Turns out he was quite a vengeful person as he found a possession spell and used it on her! Now all she can do is watch helplessly in her head… (RP)
I was at a party when this drunk chav girl wouldn't stop bothering everyone.. I guess someone got sick of her being a bitch cause suddenly I was in her body (rp wanted)
So I upvoted one of those posts warning us all not to do it. I suddenly felt like I was going through a tumble dryer before finding myself looking like this. It's so weird, I can barely see without these glasses and all these new piercings are a strange feeling to be stuck with.
How many of you have seen that show Upload? Well there was a thing from there called a "Puberty Power Up," I decided to get it so I can finally be an adult. But when I woke up I saw that I made the same mistake he did, the tattoo was XX not XY. So now I'm stuck as a chick. (Message Me For Roleplay)
You've gotta be kidding me! My roommate and I created a device we called the "Randomizer", it would let you posess anyone in the world for a random amount of time. But somehow this is the third time I've ended up as a chick right as she's sucking a dick!
My father would make fun of me and get upset if I wore any makeup or did my nails. After years I decided to finally get payback, one day he came into my room, calling me girly, the usual. With a nice incantation he now wore much more makeup then I do. (Rp)
Looking to have some body swap talks
Real situations where you wished swapping was possible
Alexa was failing her classes. If she had to drop out of college, her parents would freak out. Her solution? Pay me to take all her tests in a lifelike skinsuit of her. What’s in it for me, you ask? She said no limits... I can do whatever I want with her body now.
Me and my girlfriend used to swap bodies all the time but when she died in my body I got stuck in hers (rp wanted)
"So anyway that's how I ended up in your girlfriend's body. Sorry I took so long to tell you..." My pretty girlfriend's voice trails off as her fingers nervously twirl her hair. I can hardly believe that my best friend has been stuck in my girlfriend's body for the past 2 weeks!
I looked down between my bare legs in this unfamiliar room "What the hell..." I mouthed in awe at the sight. I was running the tracks after class before suddenly being thrust in this old woman's body. Turns out that this woman is occupying my body, but she claims to have no clue either...
I put up an Instagram story after swapping with my sister. She went away on a guys weekend holiday with my friends leaving me home alone. (Rp)
Sure I drink, party and sleep around well a lot.. and well one night I was confronted by some lads girlfriend, turns out she’s a witch.. she put a curse on me so every time someone touches my body we swap! I’m now stuck at home but my brother keeps stealing my body when I’m sleeping!
Fuck this Poker Game was for Keeps. And I lost everything My Sex, My IQ, My Clothes… but like now I have like… some hawt titties. Good thing I can like… pay them back with these! (RP)
Woke up as Britney Amber with her lush bush.
"Hello everybody! welcome to the Late Night Larson Show, I'm Brie Larson! Welcome everybody!" When Brie got backlash from the captain marvel film, I was sent out to fix everything, so after a quick swap, i'm hosting a late night show as Brie Larson! "Any questions before we go on tonight?" (RP)
"And where were you going dressed like this?" I purr in my sultry new voice as I adjust the crop top covering my chest and gingerly rub my hands along my bare thighs. I finally stole my neighbor's college daughter's body and can't wait to figure my new life out!
"I'm glad your friend let me possess her so we could still go to the party, but did she really have to dress like this?" Alex (right) complained. His girlfriend had arranged the possession after he got sick, but he was starting to regret the decision... ◇ (RP Prompt)
My sister loves to swap our bodies whenever she wants to be a man. This time she did it while I was asleep! Waking up, I realise that I'm in her body. "She took my fucking body again!" (RP?)
My former mom would probably kill me if she knew I had agreed to a legal swap with her friend Demi. I don’t think she’d understand this is what I want as well. I’ve been enjoying a little vacation to celebrate my new life and I think the locals are receptive to my clothing choices…
It's been a little over a week since this woman swapped our bodies. She seems to enjoy being young and fit a lot. So I figured maybe I should get her body in shape. Perhaps she'll be inclined to swap us back. She laughed when I told her this though... What do you think, am I making good progress?
[Rp] Buddy needed
As my sister, in my body, turned off her video on the call for a second I began to pose in her body, absentmindedly. Her and I had swapped bodies pretty much completely inexplicably, doctors stating they had no clue how it was possible. "Hey I can still see you dork." I heard my voice say suddenly.
“I’m sorry babe...” i texted my wife xplaining everything. I was an english teacher and the school wanted to give swap class. They asked me if i could test the machine today and swapped me with a female student but the machine broke mid swap, and now i’m stuck like this for who knows how long?! (RP)
My bully broke my Nintendo Switch during lunch break, saying "No one plays that dumb pokemon shit, you'll never get a girl with that." So in the heat of the moment, the only thing I could think of was getting my own pokemon in real life. He was the perfect person for it. (Rp)
Male demon seeking long term female possessor / host. Online only.
Me and you were scientists, we were working with the government to discover the true power of gamma to use in warfare, but one day one of our experiments completely backfired on us, transforming me into this. “Wh- what happened-!?” (RP)
Both our gfs came and pick us up to go out on a double date. Once we got into the car something weird happened. We all swapped bodies. Little did we know some crazy kid with a device was firing a remote at random people and we were in the line of fire. (You choose who swapped with who)
my girlfriend always told me that sex as a girl was always better I say that from the side of the guy was. thankfully this new device allow us to switch places. let's see who knows better their body (RP)
This year's swap class would be unforgettable. Every teacher would be included and they had decided to purposely sabotage the machine in order to make the swaps permant thus remaining in our younger bodies. Are we teachers or students? Who did we end up as?(Rp)
"Hey, be honest I need to know... are these jeans too tight?" After I got my body swapped in swap class, all was normal, a week as a girl. But when my body up and ran away for no reason... I was left like this. Stuck in a girls body forever, and I was relying on you to help me out!
Like a lot of people, I thought it was funny to make fun of the South. Rednecks, incest, crumbling infrastructure... the whole nine yards. But I didn’t know that it would get me in this much trouble! A witch turned me into this Southern Belle, and now I can’t stop talking in this accent!
You and I were hanging out with mark, and at one point his mom pulled me aside and said she needed a break from her life and wanted to swap bodies with me. I didn't believe her, but agreed anyway, and she swapped out bodies. She told me not to tell Mark, but that I could tell you if I wanted. (RP)
(RP) I was caught checking out my new neighbor's young Ukrainian wife, so maybe that's why I was magically swapped with her. I had no idea that she was wearing a collar underneath her clothing, or that she had this much silicone in her titties. But...I love when he plays with my body...☺️☺️
See? I told you I can make your body look sexy babe. I see the way you're checking out the girls. Now hurry up and take me to bed and make a real wife out of me 😍
“Are you kidding me stop expanding my cup size” after the gender swap witch chose me as her next victim, my sister found out and added a little twist onto me, damn her and her magic she cursed me to shape my body with the clothes I wear, and she just had to throw a Z size bra onto me
PRO TIP: Don't let your girlfriend give you a handjob during the FOSE! Long story short, we swapped...and now I have cum all over my hand... I think she knew what she waa doing... (RP?)
I got some new neighbors recently, a man and his young Ukrainian wife. I think he caught me checking her out...maybe that explains why I was magically swapped into her body. I had no idea that she was wearing a collar underneath her clothes...or that she had this much silicone in her titties...
“I bet you absolutely hate this, don’t you Rachel?” I heard my voice mock to me. I had turned down some nerdy pervert today, but he had a breakdown and ran off! I thought that was the end of it but somehow he got his hands on a possession device and now he’s doing this in my body! Help! (RP)
You’ve probably heard all about fallen angels, cast out of heaven for disobeying God... but what you don’t know is what happens to them after they fall. They’re turned into beautiful women, forced to walk the earth for all eternity and provide pleasure for God’s favorite creation: men.
I didn’t know what that strange man was talking about. Some sort of “eternal change”. 1 min me and my friends @Wrlk and @FaeRae88 were dudes, the next we were turned into Dani Daniels, Anikka Albrite and Karlie Montana. Should we work out? 😉
My best friends girlfriend and I was fighting last night. He wished we’d understand each other better. I didn’t think to much about it til I woke up this morning feeling weird. Rp?
While recording a tiktok a friend said id grow out of it when I was older. Well to prove him wrong I made him abit older, gave him some assets thatd help him be pretty popular on the app and well...he cant stop usin it now. Proved him right. (Rp)
Swap and try deal with these?
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS A FEMALE BODY AM HERE ALSO I LIKE BODY SWAP
“Thanks for letting me ship the suit here, but they must have sent me the wrong one, I’m not supposed to look like this. And where the hell is the remote.” I say looking at you.
When I turned 18, I had to sign up for military training but my parents were scared. I was excited but they tried doing everything they could to prevent this. Eventually they found a witch who turned me into a girl to avoid this. Only my family can reverse it. “I can’t do this mom, just reverse it”
How much karma to post on here?
Mutual celebrity bodyswap RP
Suddenly i feel someone trying to wake me up "hmm, just 5 more minutes" i groan before realizing that, i didnt remember sleeping with someone, nor did i remember my voice sounding like that.
Hey there! my twinning services seem to have payed off! a super cute girl asked me to be her twin! so now I am u/ImperfectDrow. She's cute and I love being her! Goes to show that anyone can be lucky and find a cute girl to twin into around here. I can't show how I look but this anime girl is close!
I'd been hiding this from most people for ages, I was the leader of a brutal gang but I also had the habit of switching bodies with skinny white bitches to relax, but my old body got hit in a driveby and I had to come forward and tell you all who I really was.
(RP) I was caught checking out my new neighbor:s young Ukrainian wife, so maybe that's why I got swapped into her body. I had no idea that she was wearing a collar underneath her clothes, or that she had so much silicone in her titties...but it feels GREAT when he plays with me now...
When the great swapped happend I got put into my neighbors daughter's body now I have to live her life (rp wanted)
"Oooohh....w-what?..." I moaned as I found myself in the body of my ex girlfriend during a rough fucksesh with her new boyfriend. He emptied his load inside me as I was left speechless by the situation. Turns out that she was thinking of me during the FOSE! I think this boyfriend wants more! (RP?)
I thought I could get away with some time in my bestfriend's girlfriend's body, but almost immediately they confronted me at her apartment and were demanding to reverse it. However I didn't know how to tell them that my power just came and went and I didn't know when I'd have it back.
My son’s girlfriend and I are both Traders and since we’re the only ones in the area we tend to exchange bodies frequently. My boy is a little weirded out by the whole arrangement so I wear my fishing cap when I’m in her body to signal it’s me in here.
"I can't believe I lost but I follow through on my bets. Loser becomes a girl and does anything the other asks for a day so here I am. Just no sex ok."
I hadn’t heard much from my uncle after he agreed to bodyswap with a woman. My parents didn’t want me talking to him so I had sneak over to his place to hear his side. I was totally blown away by his new body. He’s the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen and I can come over whenever I want!
Our maid was attractive but I treated her like a slave. She was sick and tired of it and felt as if i was a spoilt boy. She decided to swap our bodies for a while and when my family had left for the shops, she decided that she was tired of jacking off and was going to fuck me in her body…(rp wanted)
My girlfriend wanted to join the cheer squad but she was nervous to do it alone so she decided to make me a girl so I could join her! How long will this last? Footballers keep hitting on me!
I taught my roommate the body swap spell. He obviously used it with his gf because I could hear them enjoying the swap all night. I knew he had class the next morning, which she would have to attend in his place. Soon after she left, I caught him feeling himself up!
Swap Inc was using the asylum to test their machines, I mean who cares if they fry a few nutjobs. I remember them taking me into the lab and then I hatched my escape by throwing in the bitch testing on us into the other pod and swapping us. I was free while she got to study the effects close-up.
Your Grandmother had told you to stay out of the attic. You had to though, to help her move out of her house. That's when you found that door...that weird door you had to go through. Everything changed when you did. Your body, the house...From John to Jess. A new world... how do you go back!? RP
Your Grandmother had told you to stay out of the attic. You had to though, to help her move out of her house. That's when you found that door...that weird door you had to go through. Everything changed when you did. Your body, the house...From John to Jess. A new world... how do you go back!? RP
As I looked at the game screen I began to notice my form change. Terrified I attempted to move and break the spell to no avail. "Dude there's something wrong with this game." You hear the voice of a girl on the other end of the game chat. (Rp)
There's nothing like basking under the lovely sunlight after a good swim. A lot of guests talk about how much they notice their breasts and how they overflow their collarbone when laying down, and while that's true, it always surprises me how noticeable my mons pubis is; I freakin luv it! (2)
Isn't it nice to wander leisurely all day long in nothing but your skin? The right skin. What I like about the Island is having the time to relax and enjoy being myself. Sure, the sex and the orgies are fun; but I sometimes get an immense feeling of elation by contemplating my hot body alone! (3)
Who do you wish you could swap bodies with for a day? Here at Half-Priced Magic we can help you out. Tell us who you wish you could swap bodies with and we will make it happen!
Uhm honey. I have to confess something, but please promise you won't get mad. Me and the boys were at Matt's bachelor's party and -gosh this is so awkward- well, the stripper swapped us and ran with all my stuff. Help?
It seems that the castle’s security has been breached. The dark lord turned all the students into sexy girls and changed the school uniform into slutty clothes. None of the professors can reverse the spell. (RP) (all characters must be 18+ before and after any spell)
My roommate got me these fishnets as a gag gift, and i decided to put them on as a joke. but to my surprise, right after i put them on, my body started to change, and now im a girl! how did this happen? and why do i feel horny at the same time??? (rp)
When you merged your wife’s mind with a young succubus, you hoped you’d get to enjoy her new personality. You didn’t expect her to be so willing to… share…
With both of us having no family left, my roommate and I spent Christmas together. I thought we would have a TV night, but my roommate came at her place with a body rented for the occasion, and with the firm intention of having a much hotter night!
For swap class I had swapped with the school thot I already hate how she only has small uniform sizes to show her ass off (rp wanted)
I'm a Witch born thousands of years ago. Every time my body is about to die, I swap into another woman's. I've been every great woman throughout history. Now, I needed your sister's body, it's nothing personal.
Your family just moved into a new house. Everything was fine until you discovered me, a ghost desperate to inhabit a body again. Who will you let me possess or will i have to take you? (Rp)
"Hahaha you should see yourself. Totally panicked, head super red, trying not to look at your former chest. this was all planned Kyra, or should I say Tim now. This are the swap woods, entering this place permanently swaps you with the other person. I am you! And you are me! Forever!!!!(open rp\ama)
Fitness trainer in my body (M Possessed by F)
Oh no, I think the transformation spell went wrong! Somehow my body is now both female bottom halves! My top vagina has some function as a mouth, but still this is ridiculous! Everyone’s gonna know I messed up.
It's finally happening! I'm finally getting to enjoy my moms sexy feet! All the trouble I had to go through, finding a body swap spell, and convincing a hooker to agree to it was all worth it! Especially since I got to pound her pussy after.
The best part of my soon to be wife's bachelorette party is that I swapped bodies with her maid of honor. She can't keep her hands off of me and loves to flirt in front of the other girls who don't know about the swap. Time to go back out on the small world ride! Hope the others don't notice us!
So I upvoted one of those posts warning us all not to do it. I suddenly felt like I was going through a tumble dryer before finding myself looking like this. It's so weird, I can barely see without these glasses and all these new piercings are a strange feeling to be stuck with.
"Yeah dude like... I get that you're hitting on me and stuff, but I'm on X-change right now so... if you wanna sleep together just... remember I might wake up as a dude tomorrow." Taking X-change before I go out is fun, until I have to explain to everyone that I'm secretly a guy...
"You get what you pay for". You told that to your cheap roommate all of the time. He wanted a girlfriend today. So instead of going to a normal magic store... he went to 1/2 priced magic. The spell he bought not only turned me into his girlfriend... but the mom of his kid! Cheap spells art worth it!
It was all just a dream… or so I thought. I dreamt I was Alexis Fawx, the Milf pornstar. I’ve always wanted to feel her curves and have to body. I meant I wanted to be with her, not BE her. I woke up and looked down and saw that I WAS her but with my same face. What should I do? Chat with me.
“You won’t believe me dude, but I’m Florence Pugh, I’ll come by and prove it”. I made a wish on a shooting star, I must of said the wrong words cause I only wanted to be with her, not be her
The Grand Duchess Alexandra was about to be executed by the soldiers that stormed the winter palace. But at the last second, she swapped bodies with me, one of her captors! I loathe this tyrannical body and all that she represents! But... she’s quite beautiful...
“Thanks for letting me ship the suit here, but they must have sent me the wrong one, I’m not supposed to look like this. I don’t see the remote either.” I say looking at you.
I catch up to you, finding you at the university lawns. "Dude, do you know why I'm like this?" You just smirk at me. Looking to play someone's male best friend who gets swaps me with the girl he likes.
I’ve been working as a custom bodysuit designer for a little while now. My clients ask for all kinds of strange designs and I’ve been happy to give it to them. But now I’ve made a very special suit, a self portrait of sorts. Interested in becoming my twin?
“Smoking? You serious?” My dad ruined his body, he smoke, he drank and ate like a child. When the doctors offered him a full body transplant, he agreed, even if it meant being a woman. And he’s already started to ruin this one
Every time I visit the Island the first thing I do is have a skinny-dip at the pool. There's something about the sensation of the water being just at the right temperature against your delicate new skin and the unexpected buoyancy of your breasts that is absolutely euphoric! (1)
Welcome!! Thanks for showing interest in our sorority. Gamma Iota Rho Lambda is always looking for new recruits. Feel free to ask any of us anything you want about ourselves or the sorority in general. We all love it here!! And yes, we all used to be guys like you.
You and i went out to a nice place. It was your one year since your second puberty. You and i are dating, and have been for half a year. I smile across the table at you. “How do you feel after a year?” I asked you kindly (Rp)
When you invited me over to come chill and drink in your hot tub, you didn’t expect me to come in my new bodysuit. I know you think it’s kind of weird, but that hardon in your swimsuit is telling me different.
After a power surge hit our house, along with some of the houses down the road, during a family gathering everyone's soul shot through the house and entered different bodies! (rp)
I wanted to try anal with my gf. She was open to the idea with rules. The first one being, I had to try it first to see if it was pleasurable so I had to be like girl. She gave me special pills and now I look like this. She says Im neally ready to actually do the test. I think she likes me like this
You bastard you're not going to turn me back are you? I just wanted to make some extra cash and when you offered me a few hundred to help test our your invention, I jumped at the chance. Now I was stuck in this curvy body.
My new suit was the best one yet, smoking hot and athletic. I stopped by your place to take some cute pics by your pool, but I notice your erection is growing - fast. You’d love a taste of this body, wouldn’t you, dude?
You had gotten The Milf Curse, a curse that slowly turned you into every mans wet dream, but you didn’t know that it would require you to pick a boyfriend… who else would be a better fit then your best friend!(RP)
We were throwing a get family get together when a strange power surge hit a few houses causing our souls to fly out of our bodies and into anothers, who are you and who'd you end up as? (rp, if you want choose for me as well)
I should never have tried on this weird old mascot costume. It got stuck on me for hours and transformed me into the last person who wore it. I recognize her as a girl that went missing a few years back. Now I know why she disappeared, she must’ve been transformed too.
We are master thiefs, we went from stealing jewls to lifes! our final targets were Emma watson and brie larson, but something went wrong! (RP, Read comments)
I made a huge mistake... I got granted one wish... I wished I was a superhero now look at me! Quickly! Use the wish coin to turn me back! (RP)
It's finally happening! I'm finally getting to enjoy my moms sexy feet! All the trouble I had to go through, finding a body swap spell, and convincing a hooker to agree to it was all worth it! Especially since I got to pound her pussy after. https://www.redgifs.com/watch/uprightleftskimmer
"I'm in my 30s now, do I need to take care of her children, am I supposed to live my original life" after the great shift I was asked to go on a tv show covering the lives of the swapped, going from a 20 year old man to a housewife in her thirties was strange, I had so many questions
Because there were more boys than girl in my swap class i was the ONLY boy to get paired up with a girl, ashley... but after the class ashley went missing in my body. You ask me to meet me in the park to bring me the news. (RP)
Looking for a long term RP partner
Looking for a long term (RP) partner.
I was cursed by a witch. I called her an ugly old woman and she turned me into a girl. She said if I can go one week without a guy cumming inside me, I’d change back. Easy! Guys are gross. Ooh! Except for that hunk over there! (RP)
I loved my time as this sexy blonde but today is my last day. How do I look?
Day 4, still a woman, and still fabulous! Had my friend April take these pics of some of my new outfits she helped pick out. "You're so pretty you could be a model," she said. Maybe she's on to something, I thought, before I noticed her cheeks were slightly flushed. Does...she like me? 😳
“Don’t you think you look so cute though!” My girlfriend recently became a witch and she’s been turning me into different clothes for hours “ you’re so pretty I might have to keep you as a skirt for a while!” Uh oh
Your family just moved into a new house. Everything was fine until you discovered me, a ghost desperate to inhabit a body again. Who will you let me possess or will i have to take you? (Rp)
I watched in shock as a opaque figure darted at my girlfriend, disappearing into her body on impact. Her eyes rolling back for a second before staring straight at me, adjusting her dress.You began your best to try impersonating her but I know what I saw!
No one knew why but I had essentially fallen off the face of the earth for a few months, no longer in contact with anyone that was until a post appeared on one of my social media "Sorry to worry anyone, I'm okay now, just a bit different" it would read, accompanied by these pictures.
"After the day, I had I need a drink Bob." I sighed, having spent the day pretending my life wasn't in shambles after swapping bodies with this woman. It was just random event it seemed like, wrong place, wrong time...
"Very funny, now let's go back to the party" I told my friends but they didn't care. We decided to let the only girl in our group swap with one of us for the night so that she could relax more. It ended with them so drunk that they forgot about it and they're trying to drop me off at her house (rp)
Alex was disgusted. Mrs. Williams had convinced the judge she was the real Alex. That meant the real Alex was now forever trapped in her body, because part of the court order was that he could no longer use any type of swap service. He was now and forever the neighborhood MILF ◇ (RP Prompt)
Should i have cheated on my gf no. But how was i to know the girl i got with was a witch? Well now im her lesbian girlfriend and i can never return to my family. She taught me how to do makeup,dress,she changed my name to vanessa, and now im a busty 5’4 latinaTonight shes teaching me to pick up guys
i want swap pls dm me
Look when I said I wanted to be more popular on twitch I meant with my OWN subscribers and friends! But now that witch in my chat turned me into this big titty streamer... I guess my viewer counts are going up, but this isn't what I wanted at all!
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS ME AND LIVE MY LIFE
"Hey, wake up." You heard a voice call out, once you opened your eyes you saw me standing there with fire all around. "Get up, slave, you're all mine now..." You had no idea, but I'd just become a demon, and chosen you to be my first 'toy'... "Shut up, man... not that you'll be one for long..."
It was a nice day at the beach, the kids were happy, the wife was having a great time. That was until the great shift hit swapping most of the world population around. I somehow wound up in this woman who was on the same beach as us "Oh my god! What happened?" I ask looking at the chaos around
Day three since my myserious gender swap and I feel great! I finally feel in tune with my new body, and I love the attention it gets me. I'm happier and more confident than ever. I can't wait to see what my new life throws at me 💖
“Mom isn’t this a little… revealing?” My mom always wanted a daughter, one day she drugged me and turned me into one! She keeps making me try on different outfits she bought and calling me Daisy. She said maybe if I’m a good girl I can change back in a few years! Help me!
"And the best part is, everyone else still thinks of me as a dude! So I can totally do THIS, and no one thinks it's weird! How awesome is that?!"
My father was incredibly wealthy but was going senile in his old age. To determine who inherited the fortune, he invited me and my two brothers for dinner. But now he’s swapped our bodies with his beautiful maids... I’m a little scared of what he has in mind to pick his heir...
Buying a custom skinsuit with you- my bestfriend, seemed like a great idea. However, now you’re refusing to leave it and let me in, saying it’s the ‘New You’
Don't you hate it when the uplink is down so you can't transfer your mind to your target body at the Island, and instead you have to travel your own ass in blimp to it, like they used to do it in the 21st century? What's going to be next? Am I going to be handed -what is it they call it- a phone?!
Sorry u/Pandagirl2001 but your loss is my gain. DM me and tell me how good I look ;)
My fiancée asked me to try the swap pill so I could better understand her before we got married. After getting used to my much smaller body, my girlfriend brought out the strap-on and things were never the same. It’s now been a month of this and we’re supposed to get married tomorrow…
‘The trick is you have to think about the male demographic’ my dad said. Mum had been very much against his gender transformation surgery, and I could see why now. He couldn’t help but show it off. In the house and on social media! ‘Dad do you mind? I need to focus on my homework’
“Look at this new fleshy of mine, she even tried to fight… bless her! Any of you boys want to hop in here with me?” I text our local hoppers group chat with a photo attached.
Finally I have been planning on replacing my neighbor for months now. I successfully scanned her body using the machine I spent so much time building. I kept a copy of my body and snuck into her house when her husband was not there. This is me after I had switched us and put her to sleep in my house
This is the first time I’ve gotten to go out with my family after the great shift. I remained unchanged, but my husband and son are both college aged girls. (AMA/RP)
Jada Stevens - Transformation RP??
my mom knows I like art so she bought me this cool statue but when we both touched it something happened and we switched bodies. what am I going to do I can't be my mom?
Some body hoppers had terms they had to meet to get you to swap with them. This one in particular... I thought it was a normal hook up! She blew me, but right as I came our bodies swapped, and my own cum slapped against my face and mouth. "Finally I'm not some slut anymore!" My body laughed.
My older sister was president of her sorority. They started a new recruiting program to get underclassmen interested in Greek life. You could, literally, step into their shoes for a weekend! She didn’t know I snuck an application in and am in her BFF’s body!
Malcolm realized his mistake as soon as the magic settled. He just wanted to get even with the man who'd been bullying him his entire life. So he used a spell to possess his bully. But something went wrong as Malcolm found himself in a strange body, posing topless ◇ (RP Prompt)
I’d made friends with you- a spirit. I’d performed a ritual to bring you back from purgatory and give you enough power to inhabit a human body again. Unfortunately, the nearest one was my next door neighbour.
My best friend and I decided to order skin suits from a service online. It required a female sample so he sent a hair from his sister. Well I guess you shouldn’t trust sketchy sites because we ended up with two identical suits of his sister. They were so expensive we had to make the most of it.
I had a feeling a was being stalked for a while and today followed on my way back home. Last thing I remember was walking into my house and when I came to I was shocked by what I saw. I saw myself standing over me Playing with my tits. “who are you what is happening!!” Rp needed
(Part3) WHO ARE YOU” “we’ll I’m Dee now, and you are Desean and this Juan” what I look down and realize I have become a black man. The black man that’s in my body now. Dee walks over to me and undresses me and I’m shocked by the erection I Had. “What are you doing, I said as I couldn’t move.
"Yeah I had to go to a fucking THERAPY session for this, can you believe them?" After my swap class had... issues, my body was logistically, gone. So I had to keep the one I'd been swapped into... the school was SUPER worried about me, but I hadn't told them I loved this body... and was dating you!
You and i went out to a nice place. It was your one year since your second puberty. You and i are dating, and have been for half a year. I smile across the table at you. “How do you feel after a year?” I asked you kindly (Rp)
“You’re all mine to do whatever I want with” I mutter to myself. I really wanted to fuck my hot step mom, of course that was unrealistic. So I looked into other options, and I found a possession spell. Let’s just say I tried it as soon as my dad left for work, and now I’m her.
“I knew they were real” I really wanted to fuck my hot step mom, of course that was unrealistic. So I looked into other options, and I found a possession spell. Let’s just say I tried it as soon as my dad left for work, and now I’m her. And I’m surprised to find her glorious tits are real
„Look they’re wearing a T-10 ultimate fucktoy suit with full control enabled. They must be into some really kinky stuff“ I hear a few girls giggle as they pass us by. You told me nothing about this when I lost the bet and had to put it on (rp)
This was unexpected, my sister made a wish one day that I would know what it was like to be her and the next thing I knew I turned into her twin. I was able to convince you it was really me and while we where hanging out one thing just led to another. (Dm to rp)
Buying a custom skinsuit with you- my bestfriend, seemed like a great idea. However, now you’re refusing to leave it and let me in, saying it’s the ‘New You’
This was supposed to be a chill, laid back vacation with my girlfriend. How was I supposed to know she sent you in her place, wearing a realistic suit?! “Just stop touching the zipper, people are going to stare! I don’t care if it itches! Don’t screw this up!”
Ok don’t be mad but I sort of maybe broke the cube of the universe and reset the universe putting everyone into a new body, im a stupid high school guy or at least I was, can you really blame me It just slipped out of my hand and smashed against the floor
My girlfriend asked me to respect her wishes and they were for her to rent her body out on SwapApp- because she ‘liked’ how it felt. When I walked in with her dressed like this, I knew the deal had gone through but who are you- inside her?
Why am I your maid and how long do I have to be your maid
Why am I your maid and how long do I have to be your maid? (RP)
The reality cascade was a serious side effect of firing up the device, it was so sudden as the scientist around the room were vanished into the multiverse... traveling to new realities. This one was mine, no longer a brilliant scientist but just a housewife.
‘I did it, I c-can’t quite believe it’s actually you.’ It had been 3 years since I first found Slime deep in the forest. The entity was drawn to someone. I was able to track that person down, and Slime made her its host. Finally, my lil Slime is a human! ‘H-how does it feel?’ I ask
"Here i am..." i say softly as i meet you, my old roommate, the great shift. swapped a small portion off the population, including me. You were picking me up from the airport.
Rp
Last time, my mother has been looking at me in a strange way. And this morning, she was acting extremely strange. As it turned out later, she wanted my body and slipped a permanent body swap potion into my tea. Now I'm stuck in her body!(RP)
You wanted to be a wrestler, and you knew many in WWE took "vacations". Gigi Dollin volunteered herself for swapping, and through an enigmatic selection process, you were approved. However, you had no idea she bolted as she was about to divorce Darby Allin. Instructions were written for you.
As I was hitting the gym, the great shift hit, landing me in this woman's body. I don't know where I am or who I am
When I moved into a new neighborhood, my new neighbor welcomed me with a proposition. She wanted to swap with me for a few days. She said she'd handle unpacking and decorating my new place and all I'd have to do is not tell anyone about the swap and live her life. Well... I agreed... ◇ (RP Prompt)
Mutual celeb bodyswap RP
You were a secret weapon of mine, a hopper friend who was more than happy to help me out. “Look dude, this girl from tinder stood me up-any chance you can… you know, be her for me?” I text
"Goddamn her and her stupid book club." I swapped bodies to get out of studying, now I have to read through some saucy novel every week and then discuss the thing in detail, FULL detail. I just wish I could undo this...
I was taking my best friend's daughter home from school when someone rear ended my car. Our souls must have gotten knocked out because we switched bodies! Now I'm home and checking out my new sexy young body. Being a girl feels amazing! And her nipples are so sensitive, they feel so good!
Possess my girlfriend's body and pleasure me better than she can!
Guys does something really happens if you take a real X pill or is it just in story’s. Because i read on the internet that trans people use it. And I would love to try suck some dick or get fucked by some dick and if it really works and it’s easier I would take the pill then.
They say: "do what you love and you'll never work a day of your life." After pulling myself through a post-doc in Molecular Biology, Neuroscience, and mastering bodyswap technology; I now do what I love the most for a living. It still is a job but the pay and satisfaction is greater than gradschool!
I would love someone to play a girl I know or catfish me as certain celebs/tik tok stars/pornstars and become my cum sluts. U want my cock and cum, so come get it. Kik wereartthou1 or wickr wereartthou or snap hellothere24242
Second puberty hit our friendship group hard. Me and one of the other girls who changed grew close. We thought we’d kept it well hidden until our friends walked in on us (RP)
Lately, my mother has been looking at me in a strange way. And this morning, she was acting extremely strange. As it turned out later, she wanted my body and slipped a permanent body swap potion into my tea. Now I'm stuck in her body!(RP)
femboy4F lossing everything to my femboy friend
[M4F] "Wha...what did you do to my gf body?" I said as I saw you standing above me naked. You just smiled as slowly started to move download sitting on my face as he hushed, "She is gone and I control this body, my son. Call me mommy" My mom in my gf's body said as she rubbed herself on my face.
I was the quarterback for my school’s team, I wasn’t going to be allowed to play if I failed another class, I took swap class for an easy A, I didn’t think I’d get paired with a nerdy chick, I’d asked to get paired with one of the other players on my team! I can’t go to practice like this!
I was still in disbelief. Hannah is the best friend of my sister. She also happens to be pregnant. My sister begged me to swap with Hannah so they could go out for a weekend of drinking. I agreed, so here I am! All I have to do is pretend to be her. How hard could it be? ◇ (RP Prompt)
I've always admired my Spanish teacher, she's so strong and indipendent, I guess I've admired her too much though, this morning I woke up in her body! The first thing I did was using my new hot body to fuck my students, I guess I'm going to like my new life❤️
when the clock struck midnight on new years i noticed a weird look take over my girlfriends face. she looked lost, then an evil grin grew on her face, before she kissed me. she whispered in my ear “here’s to the best year yet baby”. alexa has always been shy and quiet. what’s gotten into her…RP
It might've just been an art installation in the middle of the mall, but allegedly if you dropped a specific coin in it it would do something magical. Doubting this I finally got my hand on a coin, and when it hit the water I was transported to a universe where I was born into a hispanic family!
(Part 2) shocked by the male voice that came out of my mouth. I was about to protest when a man stepped into the house and then he started undressing. “What are you doing, who are you, why do you have my body” him tittyfucking my body and all I can do was watch in horror waiting for an explanation
A colleague of mine asked me for a favor, after a new body change pill hit the market. He wanted me to play a Asian woman to meet his Asian parents. After meeting them once, they wanted to meet up every weekend and now already asked for grandkids. Guess I’ll be stuck like this for some time…
Yeah I know it’s a bit awkward that your best friend just turned into your mom right before your eyes, but I can explain… She was just trying to get to know you better, so I’ve been body swapping with your mom for the past 3 months.(DM RP)
(RP) I can't believe it's been a year since a witch swapped me and my best friend's body with our married best friend and his wife. It was weird being a woman but I got used to it.
Like I was like turned into a bimbo with like big yummy tits by my ex because I had liked broke up with her and now like she’s in my body
The cloud spread across the world in days, it turned every man in its path into women. Without a way to reproduce the world went mad, in days all of the women who were born as girls were killed, leaving only the “swapped” behind- I am one of those men,I’m just trying to live (RP)
Day 2 of being a woman. Borrowed this top from my best friend (yes, it took some explaining), and then we went shopping. We had a lot of fun! She's surprisingly accepting of the new me. She even came up with my new name. Fae. I like it!
A colleague of mine asked me for a favor, after a new body change pill hit the market. He wanted me to play a Asian woman to meet his Asian parents. After meeting them once, they wanted to meet up every weekend and now already asked for grandkids. Guess I’ll be stuck like this for some time…
You’re given the choice to make a permanent swap with a celebrity of your choice. Do you accept the offer? If so, who do you swap with? (Remember they’ll be in your body too) my choice is below…
I can’t believe it?! Second puberty? What’s that? No you’re joking. I say from my new body. (RP)
The actresses of the MCU want a break from all the fame. They’re trading their bodies with average guys for a whole year. I’m in charge of picking the write guy to swap them with, so say who you want, what you’ll do in their bodies. I’ll pick the winners in a hour
i went to a witch and i wished to be hotter then i was before. before i knew it my wish was twisted as i turned into Elisabeth olson. then i found you
Didn’t expect this, did you? That’s right….I managed to sneak my way inside your girlfriend’s fuckable body! Now I’m debating on either staying here for a couple of weeks…or a few days. That’s up to you. But…if you piss me off….you won’t be talking to your girl for a very…very long time.
"That was bonkers! Do you mind if I take a selfie?" I sighed. "Sure," I heard myself say with a Czech accent. When I started dating renowned star Markéta, I knew I was getting into some freaky stuff, but I never imagined she'd be into swapping. Boy does she know how to use a cock to please herself!
Mom had always wanted a daughter. When I finally took the pill mom had given me... It turned out dad always fantasies about having a daughter, for different reasons (RP).
No Time To Swap (James Bond Body Swap Animation)
The FOSE went through my town and I ended up in the body of this girl from the gym. I used to catch her staring at me I guess I know why now, who knows what's she's doing with my body. (RP)
Your new physical therapist, Michelle, was quite a handful. Instead of helping you heal your leg, she seems perfectly content to tease you with her perfect body. Little did you know, your buddies and I were taking turns possessing her, eager to see how much you could take.
The new courtesan at your whorehouse was quickly becoming a favorite of the patrons. She was beautiful and elegant, but she knew exactly what men wanted. Not to mention she was making you a pretty penny. You could swear you saw a zipper on her neck when the light hit it... probably nothing, right?
A4A - We have this app, it requires two people to use it. You select a girl’s profile and then it randomly chooses between you, who will possess her. We agreed the one who gets chosen has to pleasure the other guy for a week.
I was working on a top secret project as a government scientist on a device that would allow people to swap their bodies or I was until my daughter took the device for a science fair, operating prematurely, once second I was sleeping at my house and the next moment I'm waking up in her dorm
I was feeling lonely that night. Maybe I wanted an escort- unfortunately I didn't have the money. Luckily, the great shift sorted that out: I found myself in the old college jock, having his dick sucked by his sweetheart, now wife. When she found out, she stayed with his body, not him: me!
"She never looked nice. She looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something." I went in just with that quote in mind and the people at the clinic did a marvelous job. I dare say I've felt by myself more than plenty over and over and over...
Me and my friends swapped bodies with our girls, to see what life is like for the other half. They did our make up and got us all pretty ready for the club. At the club we got separated, but I met this really cute guy, can’t believe I’m saying that. And one thing led to another and we hooked up
I bet with Tracy that if got a greater grade than her in our recent gender-studies essay, then we'd have to swap for a week; and guess what ya boy was able to pull? A freaking A++! If getting off to your own pierced big flappy tits isn't gender euphoria, I don't know what is!
I beat my friend boxing but I got cocky and said “I bet I could even beat you as a girl” so he told me to prove it, he turned me into a girl and he says we’re gonna have a rematch in a week, if I lose I have to stay like this! What am I gonna do?!
just a test, hopefully no one will see
My family had a curse placed on them. A random boy in the family would turn female on their 18th birthday, once in a generation. We all knew about it and I dreaded the big day approaching. I woke up that morning and the feeling on my chest made my new situation very clear (RP)
I had always hated my stepmom Paula for reasons I could never really understand. That is until I went to therapy and realized it wasn’t anger but jealousy! I talked it over with her and we agreed to a body swap to see if that helps. So far I’ve been loving her life and body!
My best friend had been so supportive of me when I was getting a permanent legal swap with an older woman even though we might not see each other again. However when I went to dinner with my new daughter and her boyfriend I found out my new identity was his girlfriend’s mom!
‘There’s my gorgeous stepdaughter’ I said, winking at you. We planned for you to give yourself an ‘upgrade’, paying for your daughter’s gym membership to get her body just right. This morning, we slipped swapX into her drink. After a struggle, you opened her eyes and gave me a look. It had worked!
Mom had begged for ages that she wanted a daughter. So finally I had swallowed a pill. Only to realize that dad had fantasied long about having a daughter... (RP)
My science experiment had gone terribly right. I seem to have invented a mind copier instead of a reader. My GF is the proof for that, along with the teasing pics and vids she sends. It must be my best friend's personality that shines through. I could fix it, but I enjoy the vids a little too much.
Recently my genetic disease kicked in and it seems to be incurable I didn’t tell anyone and the nurses that watched over me seemed to have this look in her eyes like a glow or something? “Wait what are you doing!?” I scream as my view changed, I was no longer in the hospital but in an apartment…
She was like a modern day Medusa with a bit of a twist. Every man that looked her into he eyes, even in photo form, was immediately under her trance and instead of turning to stone they turned into women. I found myself looking at a photo of her in my apartment, my body suddenly changing.
Cursed by my ex to swap bodies with the first person I “bump” into, I have the complete displeasure of bumping into Joanna, my sister’s girlfriend as she’s leaving
First day of senior year meant something a little differently for me not a day ago. But now it meant high school senior year. Rather than finishing up my college degree my sister and I got inexplicably swapped. Now she's off in my body hundreds of miles away at university and I have a curfew again!
People who were randomly swapped by body hoppers usually went to therapy. Due to the pandemic I couldn't go see my therapist, she was nice and talked me through how to be a woman. These sorts of wardrobe malfunctions always seemed to happen to me cause I rarely paid attention to my new tits.
Late at night I just started masturbating. My mind wandered as I did so, ending on the thought of one of my lab partners right as I came. I suddenly found myself in a wholly different apartment, as my lab partner! Wearing nothing but this bra and panties. "Babe you ready?" I heard from another room.
I was dreading my Swap Class Reunion. Back in school, about ten years ago, I had been paired with Sammy; a shy and nerdy girl. So we'd be swapping again. I wasn't looking forward to it but imagine my surprise when I found myself like this! I guess she really came out of her shell in college... (RP)
I asked my gf how her "domme stuff" was going, she looked annoyed and my spine and my brain tingled, suddenly I was her cutest sub, the second my new eyes saw her any will disappeared, as her fingers wrapped around my throat her eyes pulled a moan out of my mouth from my naval. (Comments)
I just asked for a spot. I had no idea you were radiating so much testosterone, just being that close to you started to change me. By the time I finished my first set, my balls had shrunk up inside me. Second set and my dick had become a clit. By the fourth set, I couldn't even lift the weight (RP)
You have decided to take a trip to Exchange Island for the first time ever, hearing all the fun and sexual rumors about it online. You spend the first night in your own body upon getting there. The switch happens at the stroke of midnight. Who do you swap with? (RP)
It's not every day you find yourself in the body of the neighborhood milf. Ms. Jones apparently had a magical ability to force people to swap bodies. She had grown tired of all of my lustful stares over time and as she got ready for a date thought it was the perfect opportunity to swap with me!
“Dude my moms the worst…” after she found out I was failing my classes, she wanted to try a different type of punishment method. She always wanted a daughter and this would be her excuse for this. “She says I’m stuck all of winter break as a girl… can you believe this?”
I was ripped from my body, just as quickly a plush warm body enveloped me, it was my sister's bound and gagged body. My body came walking in and said "best thing about last min swaps is I know you're dripping wet" with the blunt statement I felt her press into me without the slightest resistance.
I was a victim of the FOSE. Perhaps not in the way you'd think. My sister is a lesbian but her girlfriend is bisexual. Seems when the FOSE hit, her girlfriend was thinking about me. I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I can't seem to stop fingering myself ◇ (RP Prompt)
After the Great Shift, I could only let out a small smile. I went from a 22 year old male student to a 23 year old girl after the shift hit, atleast she has these different video games and things to keep myself distracted. Maybe I could try and message my old body from her PC?
Somebody wanna RP a bodyswap? KIK LVS1124
"Ok fine." I lost the bet that I could still beat my old hooper buddies after second puberty. "but it's not going to happen again!" (RP)
'she's pretty alright i have to say' i think to myself as a take a pic. My family was about to disown me so i needed a way out. This body was the way out.
We split the cost of buying a possession gun and decided to make a bet on the game. Loser gets swapped with their younger sister and fucks the winner. Unfortunately for you, my team won the game. Your new pussy is so tight I have to keep pulling out to stop myself from cumming too quick (RP wanted)
I don’t know what happened. They’re calling it the great shift. One minute I was me, now I’m a young woman at some awards thing. I’ll text this picture to my family to let them know I’m alright. I hope they haven’t shifted as well (RP)
You thought it was funny to bully me for enjoying girly baths... bubbles, candles, ambiance... the works. Time for a little suit shopping... I couldn’t help but smile at your face when you saw the lengths I was willing to go to be a bathing beauty. I went from “girly bath” to “girl in a bath!”
After a big argument my girlfriend and I were visited by our neighbors who gave us a weird statue they claimed was an ancient love relic. We had to meet friends later that night but as we arrived I suddenly found myself in her body, she in mine!
My sister had me swap bodies with her so I could a test for her. She forgot to tell me that her boyfriend was coming over before hand though. What should I do?
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO LIKES POSSESSION OR SWAPPING BODIES IF YOU WANT TO DO IT WITH ME WE CAN
In college I asked my upperclassman, the head cheerleader our on a date. Unfortunately she shamed me and said I was too young for her. Later I found her and decided to get some payback. If she thought I was "Too young." Lets make that the truth, by making her "Too Old." (Rp)
Since my university tuition paid for a gym membership it would be silly for me not to take advantage. Everyday I went I saw the athletic sorority lift weights together. They saw me struggling on the vertical press and offered to lend me a hand… a semester later, I can’t recognize myself! Go psi pi!
Me and my Roommate shared a computer. He got mad at me when I used it so much for gaming and he needed it for work. "You ever expect to get a girl doing this all day?!" He shouted at me. Too bad for him, I planned just that, and I made sure he enjoyed games abit more too. (Rp)
This girl came to my office, trying to get me to raise her grade. I bet she didn't expect that I didn't want to fuck her. I wanted to be her. Now I'm trying on clothes and sending pictures to people, and I'm getting messages from her bf and family, and I know she's looking for me in my body (RP)
First thing the girls in class who swapped for guys did was helicopter their new cocks. Well, turns out there's a lot of fun to be had with a set of big mommy milkers too. I'm gonna go stream myself exploring my new body more. (RP)
I knew my sister was doing something sketchy! I snuck into her room last night and stole her phone to find out she has been letting people possess her through this app. I decided to give it a try, now I’m in her body and I bet she won’t be too happy when she wakes up in it. Role play wanted
I know. Call it overkill, male gaze, or whatever; but I want to see your -I mean- MY perfect pussy life as I'm being fucked in real time. I don't think it's such a weird thing to ask, is it? Once you start pumping you'll understand why it's such a turn on! Just remember to spread my cheeks, sweetie!
after a trip to the swap clinic my mom and my girlfriend switched bodies. Both of them are really excited and have been teasing me in their new bodies, I don't know how long I can hold out. (RP)
It was our first camping trip since my sister and I swapped with our parents. Without the distractions of daily life it was easy for us to embrace our new status as a married couple. My new husband seems to really love sex in particular. Hopefully he’s up for some fun by the water.
Your grandpa paid for body swap insurance. So when he passed, he got out in the body of a person who was braindead. It was weird that the body was a girl your age. But it was even weirder when you see people in your class passing around this picture. (RP)
Hailee wanted a break from the fame, so she and Scott swapped bodies and lives for a year. While she lives as him, chilling out at his home, he’s living it up as Hailee Steinfeld
I recently began studying astral projection as a way to spy on my sister. She was always a bitch and I wanted to get some dirt on her, so I floated into her room noticing her text someone. Attempting to see who it was I fell into her body possessing her, but I'm having trouble leaving. (Rp)
You and your girlfriend were planning on going on a couples trip, but last minute she had changed her mind about the plans and wanted to stay home. With the tickets already being bought we decided that I'd take her place, literally as we swapped our bodies
"Hi sir! i just need to get past you" I used a magic spell to get out of being arrested, i took over this detective, right when i was about to leave, you stopped me for work. "Sure, what can i help you with?" (RP)
You were at the gym after a workout. You’re glad that even though you took swap class, you were still in good shape for a workout. Your friend is taking a picture and her jaw drops. “Holy shit Ally. You know Ryan McNamara from school? I think he died.” You did know Ryan. That was your old body. (RP)
last night a fairy swapped me into my gf's body and I ended up on the other side for a change https://www.redgifs.com/watch/quickonlyadmiralbutterfly
I was driving home when I was browsing this sub in traffic, I saw some post about not upvoting? Because it'll turn you into a girl? I thought it was BS, until I hit the upvote button and became some cute alt girl... don't upvote this post either, it might happen again!
I swapped bodies with our latina maid because she was smoking hot. She knew i felt something towards her and she offered a temporary body swap. Picture one was the first 10 minutes of swapping and picture two is me getting ready for her to fuck me. God i hope she knows what to do! (Rp wanted)
Daddy makes me his bimbo wife 09 - 14 / TG Caption Story / Gender Bender / Forced
I was texting an old friend from highschool when things got political and I found out he was pretty racist, especially towards asians, something I wasnt a fan of. So I figured to help him see things there way, and give him alittle bonus with abit of a lack of english speaking skills. (Rp)
When second puberty hit, I had a friend beg to tit fuck me. It was quick and easy, and actually kind of fun. Plus I didn't even have to get undressed. So, I put out an ad on campus: $20 titjobs. I'm making more now than I ever did before. I'm even thinking about expanding my business (RP)
You were being bullied at school by an intern wanting to become a teacher. You found a spell and decided to have some revenge, however you misread and found yourself naked in bed with you bully. (RP)
magic changing rooms where rare and normally only worked once, most people swapped bodies with the conjoining changing room by accident, but some still hunted for them to get out of there lives. Joann here was a hunter and waited for someone to go into the other room. unluckily it was me(rp)
“Look I know this is a lot for you to take in. Your wife is braindead, gone. And they put my mind in her body in an experimental procedure. I…I don’t really know anything about being married or even being a woman but I’m willing to try for you. Can you accept me as your wife?”
So we're down to our final five contestants! Now tell all the viewers at home why you think *you* deserve to be a man again. Otherwise we have lots of lovely outfits for the runner ups.
As my transformation finishes all I can do is give the magic mirror responsible a hug. I had wanted for so long to be a perfect copy of my beautiful music teacher Ms. Hawthorne and now I was! My tits, my ass, it’s everything I dreamed it would be! Now I just need to give my new “sister” a call.
i had always wanted to try life as a girl but I knew i wouldnt be able to afford a genderswap pill so i decided to trick my friend into getting one for me by leaving my computer out with transformation porn on it and it worked because two days later i woke up as a girl. I cant wait to be fucked (Rp)
I had been flirting with this girl when she had asked me if I wanted to swap bodies with her. I thought she was joking but she wasn't so now I'm stuck in her body (rp wanted)
"I bet you can't take a month in my shoes" my mom has said to me. Never one to turn down a challenge, I accepted. But now, a month later on the dot, she doesn't show up at our scheduled meeting place to switch back! Instead is a letter that says... (RP)
“I did it! Went into Starbucks dressed as a girl and ordered an iced caramel macchiato with oat milk and two splendas. I bet I sounded like a total basic bitch, but I did it. I’ll take my $500 now.”
"All a girl like you has to do is find a guy and you're set." When I said that, Jennifer said, "you think my life is so easy?" Then suddenly I'm looking at myself. (RP)
like my um like dumb sister and I used to fight a lot, she was a totally cute airhead and I was a beefy hunky smartypants man. she like got tired of it and swapped my body with her even like dumber friend Ashlei. I am having a hard um time thinking and ashlei in my body is like taunting me(rp)
I was dominating on the football field. as i was running I felt a weird shift, almost like I pulled my whole body. as I stood up I felt wrong, chunky, squishy, shorter and like something was missing. and why is everyone saying I should stick to cheerleading(rp)
What the fuck!!! I woke up this morning after a party with the boys in a girls body! I’m hot now but what are the guys gonna say? 😜 (rp? 20m I have kik UserS117 or Reddit dm)
“These”. That was my reply to why me and my girlfriend underwent a permanent body swap. Shame she left me though, she, or he is now dating some Latina model
‘Guys I need you to pay attention! Who the fuck is in charge here? I was just turning round to get something!’ A rival gang got back at me by turning me into one of their club girls. I was still trying to run my crew but I couldn’t help but think that their minds were elsewhere...
A4A - We have this app, it requires two people to use it. You select a girl’s profile and then it randomly chooses between you, who will possess her. We agreed the one who gets chosen has to pleasure the other guy for a week.
"Stop okay I didn't know this would happen!" I couldn't help but laugh as my sister teased me on the other side of the video call. Last night I found a lock and chain necklace, this morning as i spoke to my sister I jokingly put it on, my body suddenly transforming into that of the previous wearer.
After a rival gang leader conquered my territory and killed my supporters he gave me a choice: I could become part of his personal harem of girlfriends or I could die, I chose option A but I’m starting to regret it! AMA
After a terrible accident left me unable to ride my bike my wife stepped in with an amazing solution, a bodyshare with her! I got our body in great shape and now we can compete in major competitions! It’s a little weird when guys hit on us. We’re still not sure what intimacy will be like now.
[kik jolteon73] Looking for more for group transformation rp! Man transforms his friends into slutty girlfriend until he’s got his own harem. Bring your own character with ideas of how you want to be changed or it can be discussed
23 F UK - ANYONE WHOS WANT TO POSSESS ME AND LIVE MY LIFE AS RP
[MF4MF] looking for our first swap/ threesome with another female
For swapped class I had swapped with the exchange student but then I found out she was flying back home the next day. And she had ran off with my body telling the teacher we had already swapped back (rp wanted)
Stop laughing mom! This isn't fun and I'm not having fun. Just because you used the stupid remote so I could fill in for aunt Claire doesn't mean I'm happy about it. And stop playing with that thing. So when do we get to swap back?
Nothing is more dangerous than the quiet kid- especially one who’s found his innate ability to possess people, that makes you the most powerful and popular people around- especially posting videos like this. “Hey man, we should catch up!” I text you, having barely speaking to you before
When your friend, Rebecca, pointed the strange remote at you and pressed a button you suddenly found yourself in her body. She, now in your body, spoke first, "Wow, it actually worked! Let's see what else it can do," she took the remote from your new hands and aimed it at you again ◇ (RP Prompt)
A new family swap clinic opened up, I was desperate to get there service I was a nerdy high school guy so when I was set in that capsule at the swap clinic I saw nothing but darkness until I woke up in a room with a feminine voice nudged me saying “EEEEE I can’t wait hang out with you new sis!!”
‘We can’t be together amber, no matter who you are!’ One of my students had swapped into the body of Miss Darmen just to try and be with me. They are obsessed! It’s hard to say no, but she’s still my student... so it wouldn’t be right. Right?!
"If you want kids, you can have them!" That was the last thing I remember my girlfriend saying to me during my sister's wedding day. The next moment I found myself in front of cameras... photos being taken. "Rachel... Thank you so much for being my maid of honor. Your baby bump is looking so good!"
“Fucking look at me- these glasses link straight to my VR headset, I’m sat just through that wall… if you behave, I’ll give you the headset and you can have a go” I explain in a sweet voice from my new vessel.
“Your poor girlfriend, some guy made her a skinsuit and I bought her, god she was a tight squeeze but now I’m in, she’s worth every single penny- I’m going to be famous” I moan
“Your poor girlfriend, some guy made her a skinsuit and I bought her, god she was a tight squeeze but now I’m in, she’s worth every single penny- I’m going to be famous” I moan
The black market was a weird thing, offering criminals what’s loving called- ‘a shelter’. Forcing their being into another’s body in order to hide them from the police or… anyone who’s hunting them. Turns out my fiancé’s been hired.
Prostitution has changed a lot in recent times, girls were now selling short term rentals to their body- letting customers possess them and do what they wanted. Little did I know, my girlfriend was one of them and she had her first customer.
Was gender swapping with Faceapp in bed last night, and woke up looking like this! I'm shocked, but also kind of excited. What's the first thing I should do as a woman?
"Oh come on sweetie, you're the first adult I get to use this on." My aunt grinned at me. I had come over to her house to watch her kids, but learned she had a world altering remote and had used it to get her hectic life in order. She pointed it to me and I felt a buzz of warmth as my body changed!
“Yeah man. It sucks. A lot. This bikini is like the only thing I can wear without itching. And yeah, before you ask, my dick is gone. I definitely have a pussy now.” I text my friend. I was diagnosed with a rare skin condition. Clothes caused my body to itch and even feminized me (RP)
I was at the beach with my girlfriend (in pic) but suddenly she started acting all dumb and flirty! Did someone steal her body? [rp wanted]
Any artist on here taking bodyswap requests or commissions? I'm in the mood to commission someone.
i had always wanted to try life as a girl but I knew i wouldnt be able to afford a genderswap pill so i decided to trick my friend into getting one for me by leaving my computer out with transformation porn on it and it worked because two days later i woke up as a girl. I love my new life so muc(Rp)
I texted my sister "Don't worry sis, your first day of school will be fine!" My sister was nervous about going to school again, so she swapped with me. Being a senior girl in high school is going to be different, but I'm happy to help my sister. Bells are ringing, time for my first class as a girl!
A4A - One of us owes a lot of rent, luckily we came to an agreement that the debt be paid off by possessing the hot neighbour and pleasuring the one paying rent. Who owes the money?
Time and time again, you were warned to wear a mask outdoors. But did you listen? Of course not--now that there wasn't covid to worry about anymore! You learnt your mistake when your body transformed while taking a walk, turning into a rather stunning woman wearing your now loose clothes(RP)
Going on vacation as a hopper is easy. I just ran into this milf at the airport, and now I'm boarding a plane in her thick body. I think the college-aged boy I'm sitting next to is her son. He's kinda handsome...
“Your lucky I’m such a great friend” when your parents told you they wanted to set you up for your marriage, you told them you already have a girlfriend even though you didn’t. You panic texted to help you and I took a pill before coming over to meet your parents. “How do I look?”
Being swapped with your upstairs neighbor wasn't that bad to begin with, however she forgot to mention that "Special" bodily fluid would seal the deal. consider yourself surprised when it hit your face and you felt your brain flooding with emotions and senses you never expected to have.
I wished to become a sexy, confident domme... but I didn’t expect that wish to transport me 100 years in the past! It looks like I own my own speakeasy... I think it’s almost time to open.
It was disorienting enough finding myself in another body. Even more so feeling lips around my cock. All after drinking a potion called "Heart's Desire". I recognized the woman as my dad's latest secretary. If that's the case, that would mean I've swapped with... (RP Prompt)
It was such a great way to bring in members to the congregation, offering bodies at swap clinics with the stipulation they have to arrive that sunday for worship, but this arrangement only seemed to bring out sinners like me taking these bodies for rides after service...
When your grandma died, you let your grandpa live with you. But ever since he went to the swap clinic, he’s been bringing back a different guy every night and his moans keep you awake at night.
You wanted to have me over but your mom had you grounded. Unwilling to give up our plans you offered for me to possess her body allowing both for me to come over and stoping her from getting us in anymore trouble. Role play wanted
24 hours with my body… what would u do?
I was confident that the teachers at the Sissy Institute could never break me. I think a lot of us were. But that was before we saw Jared Hybeck, the former All State Quarterback and all around stud. At least...he used to be. If they could do that to him, what could they do to us? (Literate RP)
When I was adopted by a vampire family, I figured they'd just turn me into one of them... but when they told me they actually planned to get rid of their misbehaving daughter... I never expected I'd be swapped into her body! Now I have to get used to vampirism... and womanhood.
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
"fine, I swapped with my sister and streaked for you. Give my stuff back and leave me alone." (RP)
Joining the hopper community as a female hopper was the worst idea I ever had. I thought I could pretend to be a male, but I was painting a target on my back. Someone saw me when I unhopped and threatened to expose me unless he gets to hop me whenever. Now I know how it feels to become the victim.
Joining the hopper community as a female hopper was the worst idea I ever had. I thought I could pretend to be a male, but I was painting a target on my back. Someone saw me when I unhopped and threatened to expose me unless he gets to hop me whenever. Now I know how it feels to become the victim.
My girlfriend was failing her photography course, you, her professor offered a way they could both win, she would get a top grade and you could get unlimited access to her body, life and youth- looks like I know what she chose.
Well I guess my treatment kind of worked. I just went in for a simple surgery but the charts got mixed up and instead of my procedure they gave me a full gender swap operation. It fixed the problem I was having but now I have a new one. I'm completely a chick. (DM for RP)
"You think you're so clever because you tricked me into drinking that potion and turned me into a girl. But if you think I'm going to kiss you, you're totally righ... WRONG! You're totally wrong! I'll find a way out of this, or my name isn't Arianna Marie Landers! Er, I mean, I'm Arianna... ARRGH!"
The spell worked! We had transformed into elegant, high society ladies! But you clearly hadn’t been practicing walking in heels like I suggested... “Dude get up! You’re gonna have to learn how to walk like a woman soon. This is embarrassing...”
This new bodysuit has been a blessing and a curse... I feel so cute and sexy all the time, but I’ve started to fall behind in my coursework. Do you think I’ll be able to multitask?
I subscribed to a body swap fitness program. Everyday, I swap with a different instructor for at least two hours. Today, I swapped with this woman, I can't leave her house, but surely I can think of a few ways to pass the time
I had been messing with a reality hopper, I knew my roommate hated it because he was the only one who always remembered me. But the one time I try to exclude him in the hop. He turns into a girl! In this dimension, people are much more open about sexual thing, and he looks like Kat Dennings… (RP)
The swap institute is BACK! Here with another game show~ leave your desired bodies down below! Just know that, like before, you’ll receive someone else’s at random! Get your seats while you can! Only 20 entries!
When my daughter-in-law was diagnosed with a terminal illness, she asked I'd be the recipient of an experimental transfusion, receiving her DNA and memories. It's been incredibly becoming her and enjoying her memories, even as she becomes a wizened husk
"OhhhmyGosh! What am I doing? Like, what am I even thinking? If you cum in my mouth than, I'm going to like, have to pretend to be your wife for another 3 months! Maybe just a handjob though..."
I can’t believe my son tricked me! He told me the pills we would take would turn me into a younger stud, now im in his girlfriends body and cant get out! (Rp) dm me
selena was a privileged popular girl that got whatever she wanted. you were sick of it! you wanted to be in the spotlight, but nobody cared who you were. you devised a plan that would put you inside selena’s body, living her life instead of yours. and to YOUR surprise, it worked! RP
I was doing some extra credit and cleaning the bio lab at college when suddenly there was a gas leak. Everyone was able to evacuate but me and when everything cleared up and they looked for me all they could find was a girl passed out… but that was me! I’m in hospital waiting to be discharged. (RP)
‘That’s perfect Linda, just perfect...’, my neighbour asked me for advice as her cooking tiktok channel wasn’t doing so well. I lightly suggested that maybe she could cook while inside the body of my stepsister and she jumped at the chance. She’s really getting into it, I think I am too...
“i couldn’t be happier! you really should’ve treated her better” selena had put her life up for sale after a nasty fight with her boyfriend and you were too excited to hop in and take over. her bf tried to reconcile things but was surprised to find you in control. he wants you out…RP
"W-where are we" I say waking up, looking at you. We were i some weird forest, in bodies we didn't know. "Hey, hey please, please talk to me" I say, not yet realizing what happened to me
I lost a bet to my friend where for the next month whenever we hang out I have to wear a skinsuit, the thug is he stole my clothes so this is all I can wear and I’m pretty sure he’s invited more people around! What is he planning?!
my daughter was weirdly attracted to me and i kept rejecting her advances because this was not normal. i had everything under control until she somehow she traded bodies with her hot friend. eventually i couldnt handle it and i gave in.
When the ball dropped on New Years I made a wish and somehow woke up the next day in my Mom’s body, after two days of awkwardness she was finally feeling the horniness of my body and so we finally settled on a thigh job
i occasionally possess my step sister to fuck my lifeless body for OF. i was super lazy and it was easy cash. and plus i have blackmail.
"Is pink and sparkly girly enough for you to wanna kiss me, jerk?" Ever since the great shift turned me into a girl, my bully has driven me wild. Not like he used to, when he shoves me around, and pushes me against lockers... I like it. A lot.
"look hun, they are doing it again. one minute they were just talking and now our daughter is sucking our son's cock. this is the first time this happened either" unbeknowning to the worried parents. a couple who had died in the house before they moved in, were using their bodies.
After taking me and leaving my abusive dad, my mom revealed she’s gay. She already found a new partner and she came to me asking me for a favor. She told me she always wanted a daughter, so she handed me a pill and it lets me change between genders now. My moms love me (RP comments/chat)
You had been cursed to swap bodies with whoever you next bumped into. Which one of the girls below did you swap with? Was it on purpose or accident?
I gifted this weekend Disney trip for the four of us and my wife was so disappointed. She wished she could feel like a kid again. Of course, Disney magic made both of our wives kids, but us as their mothers! Is there someone at the park to talk to? They're having fun, but we're changing back, right?
"P-please dude cut it out!" I gasped between moans of pleasure. My best female friend had found a strange device that let her do practically anything. For experimenting purposes she swapped our bodies, and then hit a button that continually made me orgasn as her. What would she do next??
[Part 2] I can't believe I let that happen. I actually slept with my father... of course he thought he was sleeping with his wife's friend whose going through a divorce. I told Sammy I would make her life easier. Not... this. I have to fix it! I won't ruin Sammy's life like this!
Party body swap
"You wanted all to be the most desirable and look what it gave you" the genie says. You couldnt hear him over your loud moans, but knew deep down that this is what you wanted.
I catch up to you, finding you at the university lawns. "Dude, do you know why I'm like this?" You just smirk at me. Looking to play someone's male best friend who gets swaps me with the girl he likes. (RP)
My girlfriend gave me a trip to the swap clinic for Christmas. That was... shit... two weeks ago?! We’ve been having so much fun with my new body that I must’ve lost track of the time!
I just wanted to see what my sister was doing with her new friend, I couldn't imagine anal could be like this...
i possessed my professor to changed my grade in class. as i was about to finish up, this busty milf came up to me. apparently, one girl possessed her mom to also change her grades (to seduce the professor). we hooked up and by the weekend, we didnt want to go back to our old bodies.
Someone had a genius plan to travel to the future; by creating a clone and preserving your brain when you died. The plan was to wait for 1000 years before placing the brain inside the new vessel. However, you were placed there instead due to you accidentally killing the genius' brain as punishment.
Story in comments. Looking for literate roleplay partner. (M2F 4 F2M preferably)
Cursed to trade bodies with the first person I bump into. I wander a nervous wreck until my sister’s girlfriend gets careless. (Story in comments M4F preferably, but I’m not too picky)
We both were a witness to a horrible crime and had to have our identities changed… I just don’t know why I had to be turned into a girl while you got made into a 6’4 athlete. It’s not fair
You have not always been the best boyfriend. You gave time to other people and spent money on yourself. Your girlfriend put a line in the sand." You can either spend more time with me or we are breaking up!" And so you wished you could...Now suddenly your standing looking at her mom's reflection!
Being a billionaire tech entrepreneur is no fun if I don’t have a way to blow off steam. Lately, I’ve taken to putting on this comfy bodysuit and lounging around my mansion. Imagine if word got out that I had been doing this...?
I was a little unsure when your girlfriend asked me to impersonate her in a bodysuit for a few weeks while she took a break from her usual grind... but I really love being her! I’m getting so horny sending you flirty texts while you’re at work... maybe I’ll send you a nude...?
I'm just so tired of the dating scene. I wish I could already just be married you know? To a person who would be my best friend and would want to have a ton of kids with a thick body. I would make her feel like a princess. Hey bro, you have some weird pink mist around. I think you're... changing?!
my sister and her boyfriend went on a week long trip but she swiped one of my swap rings and apparently she didn't want the hangover, I barely even remembered getting swapped with her, but I remembered wearing clothes before I blacked out, let's hope nothing happened.
My older sister and I always got into fights and apparently my parents thought swapping our bodies would be a punishment, now I get to go to school and hang out with my friends while rocking this bod and wearing as little clothes as possible.
right after the Great Shift. you see this kind of stuff everywhere. it became normal. still illegal but normal.
I had always had a crush on my bestfriends girl but I never told anyone. I was really lonely one night and decided to rub one out. At the last moment Aliciapopped into my head and then darkness. I awoke to someone shaking me awake.
A4A - We made a bet that the first one to lose NoFap would have to bodyswap with this hot girl we both knew, then pleasure the winner for a week. Who lost?
Show off your writing skills! Write the most descriptive post you can of being in this body. What is it like waking up in it? How does it feel like to be in it? What do the clothes feel like. I will respond to the best with rp!
I leaned back at the party with a smile, before I felt a strange rush of energy as my body and clothes morphed without warning. Apparently a local witch had snuck into our party and she had planned for a fun night, I was her first victim, being turned into this busty blonde girl!
I made a wish I could get back together with my ex-boyfriend, but the next morning I found myself in the body of his current, bimbo girlfriend! I'm not sure what to do...
After your didn’t want us to hang out anymore, you texted me saying you had a plan. You had a guest over at your house for the weekend and wanted to body swap us. But after the swap had been done i didn’t know the guest was your milf of an aunt Sarah... (RP)
“Dude I agreed to take you to a red carpet premiere but you’re NOT my date. Felicity Jones is married and I’m not trying to seem even more suspicious!” I said angrily after feeling you grab my ass. It had only been a day since I possessed the actress but I already had more slip ups than I’d like.
Daddy makes me his bimbo wife 01 - 08 / TG Caption Story / Gender Bender / Forced
If u were in my body for 24 hours…. What would u do?
"Dude this thing is a rental, you're not supposed to rip it... that little move you pulled might've costed us thousands!" I complained after our frisky little fun ended with a rip in the armpit, meaning the suit was ruined.
Swap Class at my university was starting a new program. They were calling it LifeSwap. Instead of the swaps being with classmates, you swapped with volunteers including knowledge swaps. They'd go to your class and you'd live their life. I got paired with Hailey, single mother of three.
Your girlfriend told you she she had an awesome date idea. One you would never guess. And boy did she surprise you. You went to bed the morning before, and woke up in the hospital... in the on call room, in her best friends body! The weight of her swollen stomach and breasts immediately noticed...
Your girlfriend told you she she had an awesome date idea. One you would never guess. And boy did she surprise you. You went to bed the morning before, and woke up in the hospital... in the on call room, in her best friends body! The weight of her swollen stomach and breasts immediately noticed...
"Listen chica, I don't care if ya turned me into a baddie or not. I'm from New York, ain't nothing stopping me from wearing my Timberlands. Now let's get home, if your gunna make me be a bitch, at least show me what's good with this new pussy of mine, mamacita"
I’m getting such a big social media following since I opted for permanent transformation surgery. My followers have been so supportive every step of the way! There’s only one problem, I wore an outfit one of my fans bought me around the house and my parents chucked me out! What am I going to do?!
I became Elizabeth Olsen after the shift, my wife was also now a man. We found each other a week ago, but she’s acting different, more dominant. I find myself doing all the housewife duties now while she’s making the money. It’s so horrible
I just wanted to see what my sister was doing with dad's new swap device, I couldn't imagine anal could be like this...
After seeing an advertisement in which they were looking for people to swap with current wrestlers, I got really interested. You would become them, wrestle and live their lifes until you become a champion. I signed up and became Mandy Rose! "But wait... I'm already a champion? (Open rp \AMA)
"Sorry Gabby I have no idea what caused us to swap on New Years" I text to my daughter's friend from her phone. I glance down at my new dress and smile. I only intended to swap into Gabby to spend New Years my daughter, but I love being her so much I don't know when I'll swap us back!
A Milf is in my body!? (Rp looking for F, preferably mid 30’s or above)
My friends and I always made bets to spice up our games, I lost last time so I had to pop an x change for today's session. But no one could have predicted how hot I'd turn out. I'm even hotter than the real girl in our group.
selena was a privileged popular girl that got whatever she wanted. you were sick of it! you wanted to be in the spotlight, but nobody cared who you were. you devised a plan that would put you inside selena’s body, living her life instead of yours. and to YOUR surprise, it worked! RP
You needed to hurry! Get ready for your date! If you missed it, then your sister would never turn you back into a man! She wanted you to experience dating as a single mom. You already fed Lilly, cleaned dishes... and now had to get ready! But nothing fits!!
I overheard my brother and his nerdy friends saying something about a possession device. I ignored it obviously, stupid idiots never stop LARPing. But as soon as I thought that, I felt a cool shiver come over my body. I dashed to the bathroom and… did this? What’s happening? Can anyone help? (RP)
i was arguing with my sister in public for being such a whore. every time i see her she has a new boyfriend. this witch heard us and casted a magic spell on us and we blacked out. when we came to, we were in the bodies of a couple across the country. whats worse is that we are now attracted to other
My grandpa gave me a body swap remote. I wanted to use it on my friend I decided to swap him with my sister. "What was that flash bro and why is my chest so heavy." (RP)
im finally getting back at my bitchy stepmom. she would make my life miserable. that is until i got this body controller. now whenever dad leaves for work. i would transform her into my favorite pornstars as her body obeys my every command.
I wanted an easy life... someone famous enough to have some money but doesn’t have to work too much. So I made my choice. I’ve woken up in my new body but... my new name is all over the news. Oh shit... oh no, she went on a date with Kanye West last night?! I think I might be in trouble.
The family that swaps together, stays together (part 1)
You couldn’t be more disgusted with me after hearing me brag about buying some ridiculous internet bimbos bra online. You decided to put a curse on the bra to make me transform into a busty femboy once I touch it. “Oh yes! It’s here!” I yell excitedly as I see the package in the table (BE RP)
I’d become more reclusive after the swap, retreating from public life to process what had happened to me. I figured it was only a matter of time before you, my best friend, came to check on me.
“I’ll do it this once, I bought this skinsuit to have fun, not be your date to our nerdy parties. Where are we going and what do you need from me?”
“Yeah really funny dude! Turn me back!” You wanted to go away woth your boat with me but i had to cancel because i got covid. You offered to swap my body with someone else but i didn’t expect you’d put me in this body...
"Stop taking photos, just turn me back !" I cried out at my older sister. We found a magic film camera in the trash bin, it allowed the photographer to change the one standing before the camera with each photo, right now I was looking like my sisters best friend and decided I had enough (rp)
“You weren’t joking, the quiet, library girls are always the naughtiest- she even enjoyed me hopping her” I text my best friend with this video attached.
The newest VR game was a hit, NuLife. It gave players the opportunity to pilot volunteers bodies in real life. “Look at me boys! Have you got the game yet?” I text our group chat on her phone
My new bodysuit fits so snugly. I was a little worried about what my husband might think, as it makes me quite a bit younger than him but he really likes it! He even said he's going to bring his friends around to see it, said they are looking forward to seeing the new me. I'm so happy!
The swift only happened yesterday yet some how the government already knew who was in whos bodies. Very suspicious but whatever. Anyways I got Olivia’s body, and i was being interviewed about my experience. I was not paying attention though as these sexy legs distracted me
This was one hell of a game of gambling, we didn’t play with money, we played with our bodies. And I lost mine, luckily I won this one, so at least I won’t be stuck as a soul in a jar for the next few years, which happened to my buddy Dave, hopefully he’ll get a body soon
Ok fine one flash, then will you stop bothering me about seeing my new body! I still want some privacy you know its not my fault i got swapped into this gorgeous body!
At random moments I find myself swapping with this older woman. She seems to like it, acting like she is me and partying like crazy. Every change lasts longer than the last, but she claims she doesn't understand how it happens either. I think she's getting addicted to being me... is she behind this?
"Your wife's body is quite something Detective, good thing she won't be needing it any longer." It was her choice now, she could pull the trigger and kill her wife or let me go, either way I've won.
My best friend and I found a bodysuit last week. After a few drinks, we made a few bad decisions and ended up fucking for a few hours. We haven't spoken since, so I sent him this earlier to break the ice a bit. I just hope it works, because this suit is AMAZING!
“You weren’t joking, she is tight! Thanks for letting me use your possession gun and your recommendation is amazing! The looks I got, you wouldn’t believe. What did you do while you were her?” I text from her phone
“You look amazing- why would someone give away a skinsuit like that for free? How do you feel?” I text my friend who’d just slipped inside a strangers old skinsuit.
When Tanya invited me to a lesbian orgy, I chose my looks based mainly on face and tits. Pretty shallow, I know. I didn't pay much attention to the pussy besides choosing one with plump lips. It wasn't until being the center of attention at the part that I realize that this one, this one is banger!
The V-variant infects cis-males and modifies their phenotype to match that of cis-females, including external genitalia. The patients loose their gonads and develop breasts, hips and a neo-vagina; but no uterus. For reasons still unknown, they still are capable of fertile emissions upon orgasm.
After signing up for a Swap Class at the local community center, I swapped with the body of a local fitness trainer. This was a step uo from being a nerdy guy who stayed inside all day...though I didn't gain her athletic skills. Now I'm waiting for my friend to show up.
"What the hell" I raised the dress I was suddenly wearing in this unfamiliar room "it's gone... it's all gone..." I mouthed in awe at the sight. Just seconds ago I was running the tracks after class before suddenly being thrust in this old woman's body. What in the world happened!?
You were a member of a local gang, I hadn’t paid back my debts so your boss had force you to possess my collateral- my girlfriend, in order to get that money back… any way you can .
Becoming A Good Girl
Hehe hey Reddit funny thing is I know people warned me about the Reddit curse and never to upvote someone’s picture, can you blame me who cares if I was gender swapped into her body it can be a good thing right?… Right?
Our moms have been friends forever and were all sad that none of them had daughters. So they came up with the idea, that we should go on vacation as girls. This is before the semi formal dance on the first night. The only good thing is I’m not dealing with this alone. (RP)
I thought you were just a homeless guy, stalking girls at the mall so I thought I’d follow you. Eventually, as this girl was getting into her car you climbed inside her, forcing your way in through her back- you’d possessed her.
Hail to the king, this body was hardly suitable for a man of my stature but after the shift it was mine. My gang was in shambles and it needed a figurehead to reign it in, which I happily oblieged as I've always been merciless and effective.
Ever since the sex change virus broke out, having casual sex safely has been quite the challenge. Now that the P-variant is even more contagious, you gotta to be extra careful so you don't catch a 3" dick. I lost mine to the V-variant and I'm not giving up my pussy that easily this time around!
“Hey Man, I heard you’re the guy I need to talk about this to- I need someone… possessed, can you do that for me?” I message, rumour has it that a dark web salesman could possess anyone for a fee. “She’s the target- can you do it…please?”
Our parents went away for the weekend leaving my sister in charge of the house. She was always such a bitch to me when our parents went away. But when I found a possession device online, I knew this time around I’d be having fun….(rp)
“I’m not stupid, I know when someone’s in girlfriend- who are you now?“ I ask, my girlfriend refused to delete SwapApp and now a queue of men all wait patiently for their go inside her, it was your turn.
I was your roommate and you knew well I was a shapeshifter. I usually changed forms depending on what I wanted and you definitely enjoyed it. now I'm doing anime dances like this when you get home
“And then I was like, no dude I’m a guy inside here and he almost threw up!” Only 5% of the population was affected by the shift, I got swapped into Lizzie’s body. Here I am telling my friends a story of this guy who fucked me but felt gross after I told him I was a guy inside this body
My cousin lives across the country and wanted to visit my mom as it'd been a few years, my mom really wanted me to swap with her for a month. Now I'm at her house alone inside her... This isn't what I imagine when I think of my cousin, that'll probably change over this next week though.
I lost a bet with the boys. Now I've got to go to the frat party looking like this! [DM for RP]
All the women in my family are witches, they get their powers when they turn 18. Being the only boy means I’m essentially just around to be transformed into things. My little sister turned 18 today and the first thing she did was turn me into the horse she’d always wanted. AMA
My stepmother always hated me for not letting her manipulate my father. And recently she asked her witch friend to swap our bodies until she could ruin my life. And now, I'm stuck in her body.(RP)
You had complained a little too much lately. Your wife got to stay home with kids while you worked 30 hours a week. You just wanted a break. Your wife thought you were ridiculous. One Body Swap later, you are standing waiting for your husband to get out of work. Your feet ache... breasts sore...
It felt so good to release your breasts from the bra. You had spent all day dealing with your sisters spell. Long hair kept getting in your way. The way your hips swayed with every step. That kiss from a guy you guessed was your boyfriend. " Hey big sister! I am so excited my spell worked!"
I got stuck in Tara, the short, fat assed girls body after an experiment gone wrong. After hanging out together for a few days, you finally couldn’t resist your urge to grab my new fat ass… (Open RP)
You caught me cheating off of you on an assignment for our class. I know I’m a straight A student but I got careless... just please don’t tell the professor, okay? How much longer are you planning on blackmailing me to wear this suit for you and your friends?
I had bought a skin suit as a joke but the zipper seams to have broken so now I'm stuck in a girls body (rp wanted)
"This is the worst.. thanks for coming over, I just don't wanna be a lone right now..." After swap class had some issues, I was told I'd be stuck in this body forever... The first thing I did was call you, and ask to hang out... having NO idea you were the reason I was stuck like this!
I found out I could transform using other people clothes. I wanted to surprise my gf by turning into her so I sneaked into her house and put on some clothes I found. Right as I put them on I could hear someone arriving so I jumped on the couch, before realizing I turned into my gf younger sis(rp)
I see you have three wish coupons ¡Congratulations! by spending 3 of them you get a wish granted. You may only spend one or two but your petition may get twisted or decrease the fidelity of how your desires are fulfilled. Please comment your wish and how many of your tickets 🎟 you will use
... Or do you prefer me in this dress instead? Either way your body looks absolutely divine
I loved bringing my new bodysuit to parties. I can sus out the vibe as “me”, then slip away for a moment... and have a wild time as “Veronica!” I love all the attention I get at these parties now! (RP)
"oh wow, i really got a cutie this time!" as a hopper, you needed to choose a life of the opposite sex every 5 years. you'd be locked into that body for that time, so you has learned how to pick and choose the right lives! this time you had to be a girl so you chose carina!
We were on a hike when we found an odd Door in the middle of the forest. Curious we walked through it and found doors leading everywhere. unfortunately when we went through another door we ended up.....not ourselves. with our genders swapped we panicked but that led into us wanting to fuck eachother
Someone had set off a Swap Bomb at the local pool! It had only swapped those who had stepped into the water, but who's not in the water when they're swimming at the pool? Among these women, who did you get swapped with? (Comment your choice to RP)
well this wasn't exactly my plan but it works out fine. I swapped bodies with this man and he seems to be enjoying it. too bad I'll never swap back. I'll let him have his fun and offer him a choice. Marry me or stay here as a prostitute. I really hope he choses me.
I always wished I had a bigger family... I had no idea it would come true like this! All my friends got roped into it too and I'm the big ol' matriarch of the family! Who are you and who did you end up as? My sister, my cousin, even my niece?! I'm so sorry!
Dude... Look... I don't care if I'm a woman now... I'm not going to wear a bra... ever! They're embarrassing! Besides I still have to retain at least some dignity from that great swap thing or whatever.
I knew it was a terrible Idea to watch a horror movie... But the reasons were different.... I thought I'd scare myself... But instead while watching Seed of Chucky and staring at Jennifer Tilly. The FOSE hit after I... You know... Now I'm her... I could've been a doll so... Lucky me? (RP)
Nothing like the first shower after switching with the current cybergirl. I always make an offer most can't refuse: lavishly enjoy the privilege of a hot rich dude for a month, while I model and whore around no more than they already do. I usually blow them right after and they loose their minds! &lt;3
"For Trismegistus, Chad! The parchment says: breathable silk, NOT breedable MILF!" I yelled my apprentice after he accidentally turned himself into a ripe brunette. "Why do I have a massive boner? Don't tell me that was the pheromones vial," I sighed. "It's fine. This might sting a little, though."
I got an ad for a job. I was unemployed and it offered a lot of money. When I turned up a man sat in my car and smiled. “You’ve got the job.” He said before shaking my hand. Suddenly I turned into this woman. “Your first client will be me…” he said as my new body began to drive on its own. (RP)
My friends are such dorks. 'Fertility Springs'. Yeah right! If I want to go swimming while camping, I'm going to go swimming. What's the worst that happens, I come out with a pair of tits? It's a stupid rumor. Oh... This is... bad.
Well, what do you think babe? I think I did a great job getting your body glammed up. I hope you're looking forward to our swap date tonight as much as I am
You had been hunted by the mob for owing alot of money, to escape them you ran away with your wife, but ever since the plane trip she's been acting strange, but atleast she's getting in the mood for the beach. "Hey honey, why dont we head outside for some summer sun?" (RP)
My daughter and her friends were getting ready to go out for New Years when I "accidentally" swapped into her best friend Gabby. I can't wait to have fun with my daughter as one of the girls then get home and see what Gabby is packing under this sexy dress 😍
You were best friends with the pastor's daughter. All she had wanted was to escape being a pastor's kid for a month. Jess asked you to help her. What started for a month went longer. You both were having fun. You had too much with her boyfriend. Now your going to see each other for the first time...
My new bodysuit fits so snugly. I was a little worried about what my husband might think, as it makes me quite a bit younger than him but he really likes it! He even said he's going to bring his friends around to see it, said they are looking forward to seeing the new me. I'm so happy!
You were best friends with the pastor's daughter. All she had wanted was to escape being a pastor's kid for a month. Jess asked you to help her. What started for a month went longer. You both were having fun. You had too much with her boyfriend. Now your going to see each other for the first time...
“Why so modest?” My friend asked, to which I replied “I don’t need to dress like a slut just cause I’m a girl now”. For some reason after a meteorite hit earth, 5% of the planet got their bodies swapped. I was one of them, I got swapped with Brie Larson and now my friends expect me to be some whore
Every morning since Christmas, you wondered how you had been transformed into a pregnant woman. How you had woken up next to his best Friend Mike fondling your breasts. Everyday you fought confusion and sweet attraction to Mike. This morning you took another picture as Mike slowly woke up...
I was watching GOT for the first time, During the first episode I fell asleep and when I woke up, I was Emilia Clarke character, in the show! “Tbh is can’t be happening” I kept repeating to myself, please someone if you can hear me help, I don’t wanna live in GOT, specially not like this!
I wanted an easy life... someone famous enough to have some money but doesn’t have to work too much. So I made my choice. I’ve woken up in my new body but... my new name is all over the news. Oh shit... oh no, she went on a date with Kanye last night?! I think I might be in trouble...
I was surprised when my mom's best friend, Sammy, came to me for help. She had just gotten out of a bad marriage and needed help getting back on track. What she really meant is she wanted me to possess her for awhile until her life calmed down. How could I say no?
This is insane. My dad’s machine messed up. I was supposed to swap with my sister for five minutes and swap back. I wound up in her body, but she’s still in here too and we don’t know how to fix it. I have no control over this body. (RP)
"so comfy" i say snuggling into the couch after taking the shift pill, it was only supposed to be temporary. Though soon i realized i got a defective batch, ruining my dna, making it a permanent change.
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS A FEMALE BODY AM HERE AND LIVE MY LIFE
When I got this body in the great shift I thought I was so incredibly lucky... but that was snatched away when you hopped my new body! Leaving me stuck watching what you do, all I could do was beg for you to stop... but eventually, I broke and started to love having you be... me!
I am a 30 year old man and the greatest spy in the entire world, working for the international secret spy service. When my arch enemy captured me, he turned me into an 18 year old girl and escaped. I meet you at HQ looking like this. (RP)
"Gosh!" I gasped, "See how it isn't awkward at all?" I chuckled. "Once it starts twitching you just press your lips and let the excess ou," I explained my GF after we swapped as white warm cum dribbled down my chin. "You don't have to swallow, just let it finish inside. I know, blissful wasn't it?"
"Sorry blondie, but I'm taking over for the night" I say as I flick back my stolen blonde hair and adjust my tight dress. I've always had the hots for my neighbor, but when I saw her getting ready through the window I just had to hop her. I wonder what she got all dressed up for?
I went to a bar and decided to try out my mew app. I locked in on some nerdy looking guy and changed him into this girl with a big booty. Do you know anyone else I should change? (RP)
I just come out the swap clinic, they gave me this dress to wear. Before I left the clinic they insisted I use the restroom. So here I am washing my hands after my first piss as a woman.
Me and my sister where always arguing about something and one day when I said her life was so much easier then mine she took that personally and called out "you couldn't live a minute in my body" I went to bed early and as I woke I felt two strong hands gripping my body(RP)
"Hey... wake up... yeah you're on the grass... umm no? This is like the bit before heaven... mhmm! I'm here to help you learn and stuff... you need to choose how you want to look, and then we can start... follow me!" After dying... you woke up to see me... do you follow? (Rp in chat)
"Better get used to sitting down to pee!" I hear her taunt me through the door in my own voice.
I lost a bet with my own secretary, which was mostly my fault as I was only focused on her body. She wanted me to know how it feels like being stared at. I can only get back after I've obtained a substantial following of her choosing
Looking for a friend or multiple to have a chat with and have fun with but also for them to call me by random suit names etc and stuff time in them or try to trick me or trap me in them heh
This girl must have been a reverse-hopper or something, but what kind of hopper goes out dressed like this? I brushed shoulders with her and now... god I just wish I knew how to un-hop her.
Looking through the texts on Alison's phone, the rage flowed through me even further. She had been flirting with my fiancé for months, and just because he had zero interest in her she switched bodies with me using some magical contraption.. The wedding is tomorrow, I can't be stuck as her! (RP)
Some times couples want such a perfect wedding that they’ll hire performers to possess them and do the ceremony. That’s my job, me and my friend hop the bride and groom, exchange the vows and then when the coast is clear, give their bodies back
I know that our mom wanted a daughter, and you really wanted a big sister. But couldn't you just discuss this with me instead of just make me... a woman? I mean how am I going to explain this to my friends? And to my work? You can reverse this right? I have so many questions right now (AMA\ open RP)
"I'll be home soon, also planes are so fucking easy when you're 5'2, My legs fit!" After the FOSE, I had to fly home in my new body... it was embarrassing, but I was having to move back in with you... how long could I last just being your room mate, when my new body has urges...
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan (open rp or on kik if you have one)
I bump into my step mom and we switch bodies. No I have to take my dads cock and my mom gets to bang my gf (rp)
I have no idea what happened to me. I was watching the kids when I felt my body changing. My wife came home and before I could say anything, she thanked me for babysitting the kids on short notice and asked if I needed a ride home or if someone was picking me up. I don’t know what to do! (RP)
I don't get you guys: you're so cock hungry and yet can't wait to get rid of your own, while at the same time, treat your dick like the only and ultimate source of pleasure. I just got one for myself from the clinic just to see what's all the fuzz about. I got a very cute medium one. Any tips?
Working from home is great. But it got even better when my coworker suggested we swap for a day! I'm loving impersonating her during meetings, but did she really have to wear this outfit for me?
"How much does this thing cost..?" I ask myself, i'm a professional theif, i hop bodies and rob them blind, but while robbing this blonde chick i found myself unable to leave her body, i was just about go out until i heard a knock on the door. "Who is it?!" (RP)
I was babysitting with my stupid little brother when he suddenly took a weird remote and pushed some buttons. After a few minutes i woke up not in my body…
"Yeah, I decided to go to a pool near me." I talked with my girlfriend, after we were both hit by the great shift and landed in different bodies. "I look good in black? What do you mean?" I asked as I looked back and saw her again, after months since I was shifted in a different state.(Rp open)
"Better get used to that!" I hear her taunt me in my own voice. I reluctantly sit on the toilet. "And yes, that's your kid you're pregnant with!" She shouts before leaving. I'm left alone with the sight of my tits, my pregnant belly, and the sound of my first piss as a woman..
This random swap gave you a mixed bag. You're beautiful now but you'll need a lot of help without your limbs. (RP)
My family thought I had moved away for college but in reality I agreed to a Bodyshare with my beautiful but lonely neighbor Ms. Hastings. It’s so fun helping her pick out outfits and get back out there socially and romantically. Plus it’s fun bumping into my parents without them knowing I’m in here.
Your girlfriend wanted to go to the Swap Clinic because she was very self-conscious about her body. Now the once shy, quite girl turned confident, sexy woman us slightly intimidating in her new body.
This sucks, I got my friend’s girlfriend for swap class and now he acts really weird around me, I know it must be strange for him, maybe I should help him relieve his frustration…
What a stunning fall from grace you've had! You went from being strong and athletic to being swapped into a body that can't even move below the neck. Without your wheelchair, you'd be totally immobile. (RP)
"Gosh!" I gasped, "It isn't awkward at all! See?" I chuckled. "Once it starts twitching, just press your lips and let the excess out," I explained my GF wiping my lips with her cock as warm cum dribbled down my chin. "You don't have to swallow, just let it finish inside. I know, blissful wasn't it?"
Oh my god... I can't believe I just did that. I actually gave my dad a handjob... it's these damn hormones. After that gene therapy turned me into a younger version of my mom, I can't help but... feel things for him. Oh God, what if mom finds out about this?
Waiting for New Years, I decided to try to fap out of sheer boredom in my room since I was spending the night at my own apartment with my roommates who couldn't get home due to traffic, as well. But little did I know that as I came at the stroke of midnight, I was transformed into a woman! (RP)
After a dare, your friend had to spend the night in a haunted forest. When you came to pick him up the next day, the only person you saw was a confused beautiful girl wearing your friends clothes (long and detailed rp)
“You can’t keep doing this every time you want a break or you’re bored of your life- she doesn’t deserve it” I say to you in my fiancé’s body- possession was a cool party trick but living her life was a step too far.
"How much do you think these jewls would cost?" We were professional thiefs, i hop bodies and rob the place blind, unfortunately i couldnt get out of the body, now i'm stuck for an unknown amount of time, and now someones knocking at my door. "Who is it?"
“Thanks for letting me stay at your place” I recently got a post in a female only company, so I made a deal with a woman in the opposite situation. Every morning we’d meet up and swap bodies. But she didn’t show up after work today, leaving me stuck in my working clothes “I’ll pay you back for this”
It had been two weeks since I accidentally ate a xchange pill I haven't even left my house yet to embarrassed about what I did to myself (rp wanted)
You and I had found single a use body swap spell, you thought it was fake, but I decided to try it on one of the girls at our gym. Once I had chosen who to swap with, I used the spell and it worked. Immediately, retreated to the locker and sent you this video. "What a body I've got now." (RP/DM)
I had a great job. The rich girl’s parents basically paid me to be their daughters friend hoping I’d be a good influence. They asked me to stay the night and I obliged not knowing they were fed up and wanted to swap the two of us. I was woken up by a loud male scream… was it from my old body?! (RP)
Swapping with my mom for the vacation sounded like a fun, if weird idea. I'd get to see my fiance from another perspective, she'd get to be young. But it's getting really weird pretending to be her in front of 'my' husband and 'my' daughter-in-law. 'My son' seems to really be loving it, though (AMA)
Ugh this stuff is so hard to put on! How does Mrs. Hammond do it? When I agreed to swap with dads boss so he could get promoted I didn’t know what I was getting into. I don’t know anything about what rich ladies live like! Now I’ve gotta go to some fancy party with my husband. What am I gonna do?
I knew my weirdo roommate really wanted to fuck my gf, and I knew he’d try to hop into my body to do it. Today before sex I activated a spell to shield my body from him. I guess because I was shielded, he accidentally hopped into my gf’s body! I didn’t stop though!
You were a serial possessor, able to force your way into anyone by pushing your way in through their back and stepping in, unfortunately for you, I’d seen you and there was one telltale sign…
“Hey babe? What’s going on with you recently?” I ask concerned, little did I know that my girlfriends stalker had paid a possession salesman on the dark web to take her body.
I was at a new years eve party drunk when I bumped into this girl causing us to swap bodies (rp wanted)
"There now your mom can reclaim her youth as she says," I hear as cum hits my face. I had just swapped with her as my stepdad shot a load on me. "She'll be the college grad and you'll be Sandra from now on. We aren't done yet though I still need to seal the spell." "What!?" I screamed confused RP
When I got a 60 year old woman’s body on Exchange Island I thought I would be miserable. But instead I’ve been loving it! A lot of people are into my “GILF” body and the sex has been incredible! I feel like a queen in here, Honestly there’s a part of me that wishes this vacation would never end!
“Thanks for letting me stay at your place” I recently got a post in a female only company, so I made a deal with a woman in the opposite situation. Every morning we’d meet up and swap bodies. But she didn’t show up after work today, leaving me stuck in my working outfit “I’ll pay you back for this”
Living in a sorority house has always had it's up and downs. My roommate currently has a friend of hers over. Me living next to her, could hear everything and getting quite excited, wishing that I could be the one getting railed
I hadn't expected my time machine to actually work. When it did, however, I didn't expect it to work like this. I found myself back in the 1920s looking down at this view. One glance in the mirror would confirm I was in the body of my great grandmother...
I didn’t think I’d be doing this my first week of college, but here we are. My teacher offered me a constant A, I just had to do a little extra credit…
Gene therapy was miraculous, with a few side effects. After being diagnosed with a terminal illness at twenty, your son was given a trial procedure. They used genes from his mother to get rid of the illness... but now he looks identical to her when she was his age, along with the same urges she had.
After the great shift was hard, my friends became a memory, my family didn’t know what to do with me but over the year I had come into my own, as we rode on the waves I decided to finally tell you about what happened. I hope that this doesn’t change how you view me as a woman (RP/DM/AMA)
My colleague urged me to put on a strange pendant. When she put on one that looked identical, our bodies started changing. I couldn't take it off! Before long, I looked like this... like her... forced to put on her clothes as mine no longer fit. I thought she'd be shocked, but instead she smirked...
When the government began conscripting all men of fighting age, I and a surgeon friend helped my son hide in plain sight. We thought we'd gotten away with it, until the authorities began prying into my 'marriage', demanding phone transcripts and video evidence of the nature of the relationship
New hormones from the Role Exchange 2
New hormones from the Role Exchange
My sister was a witch and wanted to take revenge on some guy at school but she messed up and casted her spell on me instead and I woke up like this! I tried to get her to turn me back but she had made it permanent. At least I can still hang out with you can’t I? (Dm or chat to rp)
My bully somehow got magic powers, he changed reality so I’m a girl and I have to do whatever he tells me! Everyone had forgotten the old me, what am I gonna do?!
I have no idea why my older sister wanted to swap bodies with my mom, but she is loving her new young body. “Why aren’t you wearing any pants!” I yelled. She just giggled. “Oh, sorry, last night was alittle crazy. I must have forgot”
My roommate got mad when I told him to go grocery shopping, saying it was a ladies job to do. So of course with a little bit of magic he was more then happy to go get us groceries. He even sent me this vid in the frozen section. (Rp)
I was on my way to school. Today was the day I returned all the favors too those who ruined me and bullied me, starting with my first target, leader of the bullies. He'd always bully me, saying no girl would ever touch me, unfortunately, I made him one who would (Rp)
It was a huge shock when my sister-in-law and I found out we were Swapped At Birth. I convinced her the best course of action was to swap back without telling anyone for their sake. Now I have her life and body all to myself and my former brother, now husband doesn’t have a clue.
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS A FEMALE BODY AM HERE
My girlfriend and I had lost our jobs, days away from being homeless- all we could do was offer her for possession, something rich CEO’s often want to experience for a fee, everyday life as a ‘peasant’ and today was the day and you’ve just possessed her.
A man with quite powerful powers drove down the road looking for a victim. He saw me leaving work and decided why not. In a flash I was in his car, my body that of a curvy blonde. Before I could protest he snapped again, and I found his cock in my mouth as I hungrily began to suck him off.
I signed up for a foreign exchange program, studying in another country seemed so exciting. We used a long-range bodyswap machine to swap me with Amy. But now I hear that my old body has run off, I'm stuck.
When I jokingly told my girlfriend, that it must be awesome for her bra to touch her boobs all day long, I didn't expected her literally turn me into her bra! This feels so fucking nice...
My girlfriend and I had lost our jobs, days away from being homeless- all we could do was offer her for possession, something rich CEO’s often want to experience for a fee, everyday life as a ‘peasant’ today was the day and you’ve just possessed her.
One day my girlfriend said if i wanted to swap bodies to see what it was to be a man, I agreed with it and instantly felt horny as soon as i was her then I started exploring myself and u caught me but you started to smile at me.(rp wanted)
After looking for a ghost for so long you have finally found me. A weak old soul in desperate need of a host to live. Scared of missing the opportunity you offered your body up for possession to keep me around longer. Role play wanted
You (left) and I (right) weren't happy with our current relationships, so we decided we'd use a spell to swap bodies to be with each other's girlfriend to try it out. When I cast the spell though, I messed up, causing us to still be with our girlfriends, but in their bodies. You seemed pretty upset.
My daughter and i swapped bodies whilst my wife was out. After we swapped my daughter went out and came back drunk in my body… but i wanted to take advantage of that. So i did. I took her upstairs and started sucking her off but realised i took it too far once she came in my mouth. Fuck! (Rp wanted)
I pulled up the leggings, hurrying to get out of here and head out. This morning I inexplicably woke up in the body of a girl at my university, she reached out, apparently she was a witch and her spell hit the wrong person. Little did I know meeting her wasn't gonna get me my body back...
Some of my friends knew I was going to swap clinic. We’d arranged to meet after so they could get used to the new me. Bet they’re going to be shocked! (RP)
After getting hit by the great shift, and landing in a girl's body, who's thousands of miles away from my home, I had to resume to just facetime with my girlfriend, who remained unswapped. She's more like my friend now, even though I don't like that, it's hard to maintain the relationship(Rp open)
When we went on this trip, I wasn’t expecting it to turn out this way. I thought you just wanted me to come meet your parents in a disguise, not take a pill and actually become a girl!
I was a nervous boy, just to meet my swap partner for semester. We weren't told who we were swapping with and even signing for the class was confident . So we just got a time and place to meet with our parter and swap in secrecy. As I entered the coffee shop I didn't see anyone just this girl(rp)
Looking for an old video
One day I woke up in a body that wasn’t my own. I realize that the body I’m in is this quiet, chubby, nerdy girl who goes to school with me. After months of trying to find a way of changing back to my original body, I decide to make the best of my situation and become the slut of the school. (RP)
For swap class I had swapped with the exchange student what I didn't realize is before we could swap back I had to go back to her home country (rp)
I thought Bella Thorne was a total bitch, unfortunately I still thought she was hot and came to her during the FOSE. Big mistake. I didn't expect her to be mid-stream, taking a piss when I found myself in her body! This is pretty embarrassing, especially the feminine tinkle sound! (RP?)
I hope my husband doesn’t mind such a sudden change. He seemed to get a little tired of me. So I did what any good wife would do, I swapped into the hot little neighbours daughter he’s always eyeing up and started cooking breakfast. How do I look?
"They were NOT kidding, I did need a huge nap after the swap..." I traded my life away for a new one, the Swap clinic had a new 'Wonder trade' for bodies... I decided to go for it and won the jackpot by becoming a cute girl! I also lost a lot of IQ though... and felt super needy for some reason...
High school sweethearts, married at 19. We thought we'd be together forever but then... second puberty. We tried, but it didn't take long to realize we were no longer soulmates, but BFFs instead. The only question now is which of us will be the bride and which the maid of honor at our next wedding!
In my previous life I didn’t make the best health choices and died of a heart attack in my 40’s. When I found myself reincarnated as a girl I vowed I would do things differently. Now I’m a regular gym bunny with great muscles. And my boyfriend(the son of a friend from my old life) appreciates it!
I found a great offer from a travel company. It promised I would feel like a local and it cost nearly a fifth of the price! I didn't to expect to actually live like a local! It's been eye opening to say the least. But when should we expect to get our return vouchers? 3 days late seems like too many
after our graduation we both tried to get internship at States we both accepted but embassy of states in Egypt refused to give me permission but she got it I was so sad she told me she know ancient magic trick that can make us swap our bodies so I will be the one who travel but in her boy ( RP )
It was diversity week at work and that meant we had to swap with someone from a different race and gender. This time i swapped with the hot black chick Keisha and we both decided to live together for the week. She’s been teasing me around the workplace so when we got home… this happened! (Rp wanted)
So you signed up for the audition too. Just like we did a year ago. Don't be weirded out, but your life as a man is over and you're about to be the perfect model we need
"Do i really have to wear this?" I asked slightly annoyed. I was in trouble with the cops and needed to lie low so i came to the one place i knew they wouldnt look. The house of the kid i used to bully in college (you) and surprisingly you let me stay with you but you demanded i become a girl (Rp)
"Just got back to my car after the announcement... I'm STUCK like this forever!" I was loving swap class... being a girl just fit me, and we'd gotten along super well during the whole thing... so when they announced the machine to swap us back was broken, I was excited! And suspicious...
When I told my wife I wish I understood my college aged daughter, this isn't what I expected. My wife apparently has some magic in her blood and when my daughter got home, swapped all our bodies. My daughter is in my wife, my wife is in my body, and I'm in my daughter. Not sure how I feel being her.
When body swapping became common place, businesses began to fall through and disappear leaving clinics empty but full of bodies upon finding one I snuck inside in the dead of night, posting pics of the bodies to my friends (hey, want some new lives) (rp/dm/ama)
I breath heavily as i wake up in a hospital like room. I look down at my new body and saw i’m fully female. Then you, my friend and scientist, walked towards me. You always wanted a girlfriend, and saw i was the one for you. i look up at you confused. “What happened? Why am i a girl?” (Rp)
My friend was making fun of the gamer room i had with a few stuffed animals amd a pink blanket, saying I seemed to girly to be a gamer. Too bad for him, I sent him a link and suddenly he opened his face cam and I saw some Egirl doing this on the other end. (Rp)
I went to sleep and I woke up in my mom’s plump, erotic body. Despite her age, her body is still sooo sexy. I decided to hang out with this lesbian girl I had a crush on and seduce her in my mom’s body. I put on my mom’s tightest jeans and sexiest top and I went to where she usually hangs out.
I was on a vacation with my family, and my brother had invited his Girlfriend. She had read about astral projection and wanted to try it. My brother didn't want to so she asked me instead. I accepted and we tried it, surprisingly it worked, but for some reason we couldn't return to our own bodies.RP
“Look man I know this all seems crazy but getting this Twining Surgery so I can be a copy of your mom is what I want! It doesn’t have to be weird either. Maybe we won’t be normal friends now but you can think of me like your cool aunt! I’ll be the grownup that helps you get away with stuff!”
my daughter seemed sad lately so i possessed her and i don’t understand why she would be? her body is great and i love teasing her friends
“Shit Derek! Did they just get bigger? We need to get you to a doctor right now before it’s too late. Are you still a guy where it counts?” (RP)
I was the victim of a swapper, who stole my body and fled to another country, leaving me in the body of a college girl. My girlfriend has been supportive and committed. I wear a strap on for her now. I miss my penis… but my gf is oddly excited by me now.
"You're such a sucker for willingly giving-up this body, I mean seriously how can you get any better than this?" I gloat from your old body, this swap clinic had some of the best deals in the area, but that's because they were willing to screw over idiots like you.
Really you swapped me with piper perri? Why I get it she's cute and small but why me?
M4(M2F)Body/Skinsuit RP
(RP) My best friend knew that I had an inexplicable attraction to hot busty Asian chicks, but I had no clue that he possessed the ability to turn me into one for his own desires! He never lets me wear clothes around his house now, but...I...I LOVE it.
I actually had fun today as a girl. But these tanlines will go away when I’m myself again, right? Right??? (RP)
I used to always bully this one Goth Girl... Told her she would get a terrible job... Well after one insult too many she swapped bodies with me and now I'm stuck working a terrible job and permanent makeup... (RP)
When Naomi is taken, how much will she lose before she is free again?
My sister asked me if I was gonna sit in the hot tub for much longer, to which I responded yes. She grinned and hit a button on the side, all of the lights turning red in it. I was confused, but found myself slowly falling asleep. As I awoke hours later I realized what the lights had done to my body
(M4A) You were a witch who was sick of the fact that her fat, beta, gamer of a son still hasn't given you any grandkids. So you made a potion of youth and took matters into your own hands~ "Mmm, don't cum already now, son~ I know that I'm very pretty right now, but atleast put it inside first~"
D.I.D and body swapping
*sigh* This is just the worst. I can't believe I got swapped into this bitch. She was my TA in my Poli Sci statistics course. Apparently, I shouldn't refer to her as a dy...I won't say it as that's what got me in her body in the first place. And it's the middle of that time in the month... (RP?)
I'd say this deal worked out well for both of us. You got to leave behind your life as an aging, addict hooker to become a young woman with a bright future, and I get to have sex with my girlfriend's younger sister whenever I want...
You’re hanging with your friends Joe &amp; Mark, talking about what else? Girls. Absentmindedly playing with a quarter you say, “I wish I was surrounded by beautiful women.” The coin in your hand begins to glow hot, causing you to drop it. When you look up, Joe &amp; Mark are gone, replaced by blonde twins.
My girlfriend wanted to enter a gaming tournament but because she was a woman they didn’t take her seriously. So she asked if i was willing to swap bodies with her because she was confident she could win the cash prize. I agreed to swap with her and also gave moral support under the table…rp wanted
I recently bought this skinsuit and have been walking around apartment complexes and flirting with anyone I find cute, it’s so much fun! (RP)
“My audiences are you going to love this little beauty” I say in front of you in crass voice, little did you know that a SwapStreamer had invaded your girlfriends body
“You can’t seriously believe that this girl wanted to go on a date with you? I possessed her, it’s me in here, Tom! Thanks for dinner though”
"Made you a lot tonight, Master." Ever since the great shift swapped me into this body, you've taken total advantage of it... considering this body was full of hypnosis triggers that you can use on me! Now I go out and do ANYTHING to make you money...
I'm a personal trainer, and I swap into client's bodies to exercise for them. I have a contract for how we both act swapped. Sarah hired me for 2 months and I have her down 24 lbs. She says she wants to extend to 6 months. I'm interested, but I'm getting a lot more attention these days. (RP)
The girls planned it all along! When my GF told me were swapping couples with our Sunday's double-date, I picture myself fucking the brains out of that adorable brunette NOT switching bodies with her and being fucked by my GF in her BF's body. Watching them fucking in our bodies was just so hot!
Last weekend my friend paid me to possess his crush and help him live out his wildest fantasies with her. It was so much fun that I’ve decided to help some more people. If you’ve got a girl you want possessing then tell me who it is and what fantasies you want fulfilled. (RP)
My sister was in desperate need for money and signed up for the app "Rent A Bimbo", without my knowledge! I just invited my friends over for a nice evening..... I really hope no pervert rents her body and uses it to ruin our night. (RP)
Working in the body industry, you see a lot of the criminal underworld. We get a lot of trade-ins from prostitutes that need work to refurbish, and often our clients are criminals looking to lie low. Case in point, 'Ana' used to be a mafia hitman. Although he's been as soft as a kitten around me
I was in history class checking out Mrs Thompson, trying to listen to what she was saying but is was hard with her tits on display. I blink once and once I opened my eyes I was looking at the class from where she was. "Ummm class dismissed?" I didn't know one of the students caused my swap. (Rp)
I knew it was a bad idea to go to this "Fan meetup" I was a bit of a hater online specifically to Ariana... Now she's dressing me in her outfits and keeping me ass her personal living twin and doll...
i had heard all about the upvote curse, but i knew it was some stupid joke! there’s no way upvoting a post triggers something like that, so i upvoted it! well...i was wrong! this is what i woke up to when i looked at my reflection!
I love swapping with my girlfriend but this time... Mine and her anal virginity will be destroyed without warning.
“Your little girlfriend here was failing my class, that affects MY pay and I can’t have that so she’s MY skinsuit now so I can pass it for her!” She whispers. It could’ve only been you, her engineering professor, ‘pervy’ Mr Jones.
I needed a place to stay after forgetting to do my residence hall forms and the only option to avoid dropping out was living with you. Only, you used that power in sick and twisted ways, eventually turning me into your sissy slave. (Literate roleplay)
You knew this wizard who could swap body's. You asked to be put into a hot person, they agreed but warned you have to keep up with that person's life otherwise other will find out and you'd be arrested. You went to sleep that night wondering who you'll become. You wake up as her, when you ment a guy
“You can’t be serious? Again?” A local gang has got hold of an illegal possession device and was making money by putting rich old men in younger bodies, my girlfriend was a constant target.
You get a text from your best friend with a picture of a hot girl by the pool. The text says “like OMG dude! You totally need to visit me. Alabama is amazing and the sorority parties are like so much fun!” (Roleplay wanted)
"Babe can we please swap back it's so hot!" I whined over the phone to my girlfriend. She had swapped our bodies when I teased her about always complaining about the heat. "No, I kind of like having no hot flashes... we may stay like this all summer!" She laughed on the other end.
Being your big sister, mum told me to speak to you about the wrong crowd you were hanging with and your attitude towards people needed to change, you were known as a chav in the english term.. but I wasn’t expecting for us to walk a mile in each other’s shoes as I suddenly found myself in your body!
"Yeah, funny as hell." I said to my roommates who were laughing. Last night we had a party and they put an xchange pill in my drink. Due to now my low resistance of alcohol, they got a girl to put me in a dress with ease, and next day I woke up with the worst hangover.(Rp always open)
That moment when you order UberSwap and you can't wait to get home, so you have some two-finger fun on the way!
After an accident, my body couldn't be saved, so the doctors decided to put my brain inside a brain dead girl. Of course I woke up as shocked as ever, but I couldn't do anything about that. I was taken home the same day. My brain still hadn't gotten used with that body and I can barely move(Rp open)
My TGF story
“Your little girlfriend here was failing my class, that affects MY pay and I can’t have that so she’s MY skinsuit now so I can pass it for her!” She whispers. It could’ve only been her engineering professor, Mr Jones.
Something was off with my girlfriend- she’d been thrashing in her sleep like she was fighting something before sending me videos like this all day while I was working, calling herself ‘a fleshy’
I told you, my roommate that you could borrow my skinsuit for a party but now you’re refusing to take it off- saying it’s the ‘New You’
Bruh, I don't think that was a protein shake you gave me. I'm now a chick with swol tits, wtf? Anywho, why don't you come over and give a hand, I mean cock, with some squats? I'm feeling like crushing some dick with this fine ass or choking a motherfucker with my thick-ass thighs. I'm grooling AF!
Every Sunday my daughter would come to visit me. Although everytime she visited I would end up possessing her. I started ordering clothes for her body online, this outfit came last week and it’s even better than I first thought! Time to post on insta I guess (Rp)
“You’re little girlfriend here was failing my class, that affects MY pay and I can’t have that so she’s MY suit now!” She whispers. It could’ve only been her engineering professor, Mr Jones.
“Your stupid slut of a girlfriend didn’t put any time limit on her SwapApp posting- looks like I’m going to be here for a long, long time so get used to it” I moan seductively.
I don’t know what I’m going to do. When I had drunkenly spilled that witches drink and told her that her tits were bound to get her another round for free, I didn’t think she’d place a curse on me, changing my body. I’m a FREAK! How am I supposed to explain this to my friends? To my family?!
I’m ready for a swap
You ain’t allowed to drive after getting your body swapped. So I had my dad drive me back from the clinic. I wish they gave me different clothes to wear, it’s making this ride really uncomfortable with his staring
Sorry u/PandaGirl2001 but this hot tight body is mine now. You can call me the new and improved Hana. Let me know what you think of my new body and how I should use it
I had hoped the news wasn't true, but seeing the military outside the Swap Clinic doors told me it was. I was on a swap vacation in China when the Chinese government shutdown the clinic. The news said all presently swapped would either assimilate to their new roles or be re-educated...
I bought a pendant at a shop which sold all kind of old trinkets. The pendant which I bought for my girlfriend had started acting strange. I felt compelled to wear it and when it slid past my neck I felt warm and blacked out
I hated seeing my favorite subreddits spammed by u/gratefulresu so I hatched a plan. I did some research then cast a spell and woke up as his busty sister. Karma's a bitch isn't it bro?
“How does it feel? You look amazing! Why was she renting herself out?” I reply to my friends newest SwapApp rental- his best yet!
I owed you, so when I landed in the chick you were into from swap class, I agreed to let you have fun with her body. But I was very clear that I would not let you fuck me! I didn't want any chance that I got stuck in her body. (RP)
I used to be so quiet and awkward. When second puberty hit my freshman year of college, I thought it would only get worse. But eventually, I started going out and making friends. Now, I'm always the life of the party. Here's to being a Second-Puberty Sophomore! (RP)
After a big fight with my gf I suddenly found myself in her body only to discover that all her roomates are kind of crazy
"Babe, it's been 2 days, can you please, swap us back?" I said to my girlfriend who was now in my body. She got mad at me for some reason, and decided to use her powers during our vacation to swap our bodies. (Rp always open)
Helping an aspiring TGF in need.
A while back my ex broke up with me due to my drinking. She secretly cursed me to transform into a woman every time I drank. After the first few times I was sober for a while, but following a recent string of bad luck at work and home, I just couldn't stop myself. Wonder what happens if I black out.
I was on a date with this girl when I think I blacked out I woke up and my head hurt like hell all I could hear was a man’s voice “Sweety get up its already 1pm you need to get up” I lift myself up too tired to realize what happened to my body “oh my gosh your moms gonna kill me”
Of course our curse had to happen now, this had been happening as early as I could remember I was in a loop of body swapping with this woman. At this point it was rather mundane until we swapped during her wedding. Now I have to take her place...
“WTF did you do to my GF’s body Dad!” For some reason my girl and dad swapped bodies, he just sent this video to me
I had a massive amount of debt to pay off and the only hope I had was selling my body off to the highest bidder. I was surprised when that person turned out to be my wife’s best friend! Apparently she had a crush on my wife and saw this as an opportunity to act. This is gonna be weird.
After the Great Shift landed my grandpa and I in the bodies of beautiful women, we moved in together to help each other cope with our new reality. We’ve come a long way but Gramps can still be embarrassing, especially when we go to parties. It’s a work in progress.
Anyone wanna chat about bodyswap? I’d love to know what interests you about it and who you’d wanna swap into.
“Hey man, I’ve got a job for you! Need a party date-let me know when you’re in and dress up nice” I texted you with a photo attached. You were a personal possessor and I needed you urgently.
23 F UK - ANYONE WHOS LOOKING FOR A BODY AM HERE
I wished to perform the greatest trick i could, and the next day i completely vanished, no record of who i was and nobody remembers me, so now i'm a random women doing street magic, i'm wishing people actually noticed me, thankfully you did. (RP)
Never mess with a witch, last night when i was a bit to drink i bumped into one and an argument ensued. The next day, i woke up looking like this.
"You really think that putting me in a female body will stop me from beating you once again? If you beat me, you can keep me in this body hahaha" I say full of confidence. That confidence was gone soon after I hit 7 score with my first 3 darts... (AMA\open RP)
When I overheard Hannah saying that she loved to be used, I didn't think it twice to hop on her by the time she got home. The way her pussy clenched the moment I took control of her body was indescribable! She loved me riding her hairspray bottle. Modest flat-chested girls are always the naughtiest!
Dude stop looking at my ass I swear its not funny. My brother and his girlfriend decided to go to swap therapy and we went to the beach. He is really sexy in that bikini. (RP)
The great Shift hit my school hard my nerdy friend Charles swapped with our stacked history teacher and he loves flaunting it. It's so weird but I'm starting to like it now.(RP)
I could only watch as a man forces his way into this poor girls body, sticking his hands between her shoulder blades while she went vacant, before stepping in completely and … becoming her.
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
"Help me, im in serious troubl" i said to you. A drug cartel forced me to smuggle a bunch of illegal genderswap pills across the border but on my way back customs came to search my boat; not wanting to go to jail i swallowed all the pills turning myself into a girl. Now i gotta try explain this (Rp)
“Poor girl, I forced my way in through here” I say in my sweet voice- a new drug let me take over bodies and impress my friends with their wildest dreams.
I heard about this whole body swap thing and thought it was completely fake. I even taunted someone who said they could change me into anyone. “I’m sure I’ll wake up as a cute, petite Asian girl tomorrow.” I said to him and laughed before going home to sleep [RP]
I was at a frat party hitting on what would be my third fucktoy for the night when I felt dizzy. As I sat down to catch my balance I found I was in an appartment, feeling shy alone, and only capable of pleasing this dildo. I had been cursed to swap bodies and personalities with my opposite(rp)
I made a bet with my best friend's mom that I could be her for a week and so far it's been alright. The only problem is her husband returned from his trip early and it seems he knows something about the swap. Did she set me up? Only 1 day left though hopefully nothing goes wrong.
My dream as a child
After watching a few partner workouts, my girlfriend and I decided to start working out together at the gym. Her looks attracted a lot of attention and as I watched her make her way to the changing room, I witnessed a old man deviously following her in, thinking nobody was watching him. (RP)
When I told my gf about my shape shifting I was worried what to expect with having hid them for so long. I wasn't expecting her to ask me to turn into her whenever she doesn't want to go to an event. Tonight's her birthday party and she's ill, so I'm being her stand in for the evening (DM to RP)
A Vampire Queen was attacked by her werewolf bodyguards and human servants. Knowing her death imminent she used her magic to swap her mind into the nearest body yours just before you can strike killing blow.
I met this girl online, everything looked good when I entered her house, but suddenly she knocked me from behind. When I woke up I was loked and gagged inside this bodysuit, she told me: "if you want the key of the lock in your back, you must accompany me on a doubledate with my boyfriend's brother"
I had been caught cheating with an Indian prostitute by my girlfriend. I begged for forgiveness and was told I'd only get it if I swapped bodies and life with her for a week or two. I agreed eventually and now I am Riya of the prostitution company...sigh.."thank you cum again"(rp)
When My girlfriend wanted to borrow my body, I had to tell my friend about it!
[MtF4A]Hi, looking for long term RP partners. I’m looking for a rp partner for me turning from male to female. In the rp I’m open to you being mtf or any other as well. You can be a single character or multiple. I do like to play as if the change is unexpected and/or unwanted initially. Dms open
You were a hopper, using it for fun, exploiting bodies with no purpose but I was the brains, setting up dates, streams, nights with clients and making us some money with your gift. “Got a job tonight, a big one, you need to be at your best” I text with a photo.
If I'm pregnant, it seems fair my husband share some of the labour so, while I was pregnant, ironically he on birth control pills. Combined with nipple stimulation, he was soon my human cow. He's such a milk factory, I wonder if Sophie could use a wet nurse too
I bought this pendant at a shop that just recently opened. It was supposed to be a gift for my GF, but something compelled me to wear it. I blacked out noticing huge changes to my mind &amp; body...
We’d been invited to a party, not because we were popular but because they wanted to laugh at us. You were upset by this and told me to watch you, as your body slumped and a ghostly apparition forced itself inside one of the girls.
My girlfriend hates my best friend, he thought I’d be better at apologizing for him if I was in his body.
“Perfect, you look perfect. Just one thing though. You need shoes.” I say handing you a pair of 5” heels (RP)
I love swapping with my girlfriend but this tim ... mine and her anal virginity will be destroyed without warning.
I'd been desperate to go to a convention for months. I wanted to cosplay as D.Va, but I barely pulled off the look. My friend then showed me how she would do it, styling her hair, perfectly doing the make up and slipping into my suit. She looked just like D.Va. I had to possess her! More in comments
My friend Luis and I had agreed to temporarily swap with our moms to get them in shape. After 7 months we’ve seen a ton of progress. Though I’ve noticed Luis acting…pretty chummy with his handsome personal trainer. We agreed to no sex and romance. Hopefully he doesn’t break our promise.
We played a game of next GEN paintball. We thought just a new type of game or something. But once you got hit you turn into the opposite gender, till a full team is hit. The losing team starts the next match as the other gender. If you lose again, you are stuck... damnit got hit again...(AMA\open RP
I needed a date to the company dinner. I knew my brother had transformation powers. I asked to come along and that I'd pay him. I didn't think he'd dress up so nice. (RP)
"Snap your fingers for a surprise." Was sprawled on a bathroom in some random gas station I visited. I rolled my eyes and jokingly did as it said, but suddenly found myself in an entirely different environment, with the body of a newly married girl somewhere else in the country!
“Ok, change me back right now! How did you guys even do this?!” I had been the first one to black out on New Year’s Eve and when I woke up in the morning my friends had turned me into this! AMA
I agreed to swap with my girlfriend for a week. We were supposed to meet at my place on the last day to swap back, but I just got a phone call from a friend of mine, telling me that she had a car accident and was now dead. All I could do was sob and try to calm down until my friend came(Rp open)
This is what I woke to: my dog Fido's fur in my face and ME talking to someone. I was wondering how that was even possible when I remembered: the Shift. Oh no, that meant him and I had switched bodies! I tried to find a solution, but then Fido said something that froze me: "Oh Tay, just stop."
I’m shamelessly stealing this pic from another post. RP In comments
“I noticed you staring at my 🍑 all day, figured I’d give you a better view”. I snapped my friend from my GF’s body. Who knew cucking yourself would be so hot?!
I woke up new years day and noticed that I felt a little different. I looked into my new full length mirror and saw the popular girl Anna staring back at me. I moved to my closet and saw a vast collection of women's clothing, I pulled on some cute Jean's and a sweater. (Reality Shift Rp)
My girlfriend fought as hard as she could, a dark mist had forced it’s way up her nostrils and down her throat- leading to a battle for control but when she stood up and brushed herself down, I knew who’d won.
I would love someone to play a girl I know or catfish me as certain celebs/tik tok stars/pornstars and become my cum sluts. U want my cock and cum, so come get it. Kik wereartthou1 or wickr wereartthou or snap hellothere24242
They were calling you ‘The Skinwalker’, you’d found a way to take over peoples body and all but becoming them before moving on to another- leaving a trail of havoc and ruined lives and bodies. Here you are returning to a favourite vessel- my girlfriend.
My brother and I had been talked into participating in a social media challenge by our daughters where we’d switch places with them for a month and record our adventures. It’s only been a week and we’re absolutely loving it! I hope our followers are enjoying it too!
Dm
I was at a new years eve party when I kissed this girl dressed in slutty clothing as I kiss her we switched bodies. She smile at me in my old body as she say enjoy being a slut before walking off (rp wanted)
How could I not be excited. I'd always wanted to be my mom, and now since you turned her into a skinsuit I'm never taking her off again. I'm her forever and I couldn't be more happy, or grateful...
"This is too embarrassing!" Being swapped at birth is one thing, but my original body being a prostitute? This sucks! Everyone in the precinct is laughing at and ogling my body! Maybe the captain will go easy on me... (RP?)
When my daughter asked to swap bodies with our adult neighbor, I thought I could talk her out of it…
Ever New Year’s Eve, my family gets swapped around and we live a year in that persons body. For 2022, I got my sisters body, she got my dads, my dad got my moms and my mom got mine. The rule is New Year’s Day, anything is allowed. After that we have to go into character
Even though I demanded she leave the house, my neighbor kept on undressing herself in front of me in my own bedroom. What's more is that she was saying strange things as well such as "I never was a fan of the big butt and chubby thighs... I hope you'll like having a fat mom ass more than I did!"
I was laying on my room, when all of the sudden I feel a massive pression on my chest now I look like this
"Hey, why is it so dark all of a sudden? And why is it so cold in here?" Unbeknownst to me the Role Exchanger just passed over, swapping with the blind woman next door, who also happened to be an exhibitionist. I wouldn't have time to panic, though, as her S.O. was about to find me...
I watched as you- my bestfriend take a possession potion and dissolve into a pool of liquid but when you slid inside this girls mouth, you couldn’t hide your newfound control.
You and I both figured out we could body-swap and saw these two cute girls at a restaurant before we stole their bodies and messed around in the bathroom, what body did you choose to take?
When my boss fired me I had cast a spell to swap our bodies but it must of missed cause now I'm in his daughter's body and have to go back to school (rp wanted)
My vacation was going great, I was on cloud 9 having a blast getting drunk and sleeping with whoever I could. After getting super wasted one night I woke up on a sun bed in a hotel I couldn't recognise at all, looking down I saw two huge tits wrapped in a black bikini(RP)
My family had reunited for the new year's chimes. And at the last seconds of 2021 everyone pondered about the events and decisions. Everyone came to the same conclusion "God, I wish something was different" the universe is a troll as with the final bang our lives changed forever (Rp)
Another reminder to the boys down in organ storage that the big 'M' on the boxes containing donor brain tissue stands for 'MALE'! My god, are you people TRYING to get the hospital sued???! This is the third one this month!
I was a ceo of a prominent tech company on vacation for work in a redneck hick city. The woman behind the counter at the hotel was gorgeous but obviously dumb. She escorted me up to my room and as I was closing the door I was suddenly on the other side of it in a tight black and white dress(rp)
I invited my friend and his wife to go on vacation with me and mine. The morning after we got there I wake up in his wife's body. "What the..hows this even possible?" I question getting out of bed
I finally got the cosmic cube in my own hands, I was so excited than I accidentally drop it. A blue flash blind me, when a recover my sight I was in the body of Scarlett Johansson, but somenthing was wrong, my face looks like Ariana Grande's and my agent called my "Selena Hathaway".
I was tired of being a lazy loser and knew 2022 would be my year. I went to bed wishing to get into better shape and be the most desirable. I then wake up to find that my body has changed to be desired for both men and women. I just hope no one sees me like this before I can fix this mix up!
My son, knowing that I was depressed since my divorce had gone to the swap clinic and acquired the body of a woman close to my age so he could comfort me. Right now he’s in his room getting ready for our first date. Should I go through with it?
You and I once had dated and been rather close, after months of trying though we finally slept together and the day after I dumped you. A month later you have been working hard on finding ways to make my life miserable with magic and you were finally ready to put them to action.(rp)
For his 18th birthday, instead of a car your son opted to go to the Swap Clinic, "Hey dad! I know I said I wouldn't do anything drastic, but when I was offered a really cheap life swap, I had to take it!" A picture soon followed and to your horror he had unknowingly swapped with your mistress! [Rp]
Bella Rossi's Hardcore Bondage Shoots Were The Worst. Physically Demanding And Sexually Draining, I Blacked Out From Orgasming So Much. She Sent Another Text, Something About A Few More Days.
They say just before midnight on New Years if you make a wish it comes true. Of course I was drunk and wished for a busty girlfriend but since I was so drunk I slurred and it came out like "I wish I was a busty girl" and the next morning me as well as everyone else got their wishes. (DM for RP)
ADVERT: 1 hour in my body, you can do anything you like as you possess me!
I could see it happening but it was too late to do anything, my girlfriends eyes rolling back as you possessed her, pushing yourself inbetween her shoulder blades before letting out a moan.
Mirror Mirror - Part Two
I knew I shouldn’t have trusted you to hold on to the medallion! My only ticket back to my body, lost somewhere along the shore - all because you forgot to leave it on the beach when you went for a swim! “Would you stop staring and help me look for this stupid thing? This is all your fault!”
(M4A) You were a witch who was sick of the fact that her fat, beta, gamer of a son still hasn't given you any grandkids. So you made a potion of youth and took matters into your own hands~ "Mmm, don't cum already now, son~ I know that I'm very pretty right now, but atleast put it inside first~"
Dad arranged a partial swap with my fiance's ass to ride along on our holiday. I can't believe he'd be this selfish - having him in there makes things so awkward. And I can't believe Chloe didn't tell me until after our first night...
Zelda Schiff and Alice Quinn were experimenting with a body swap spell in order to better infiltrate The Library it worked out well and Zelda liked Alice's younger well endowed body ( Possible RP )
Worse Than A Hangover Part 3
The funny thing about hopping into Hotwives is that their husbands never ask anything about their wife's amnesia, as long as you keep being a sexy tease and draining their balls at least twice a day. Very few men keep it up for longer than ten minutes and then you have all day long for yourself!
You bought a magic necklace and told me I could swap bodies with everyone I wanted. I didn't believe you but gave it a try anyway. "OMGG bro is does actually work! Look I'm miss crystal! Our history teacher! How long does this work?" I ask while looking at my new reflection
I had been begging this girl for nudes when she finally sent me this picture as I stare at it I passed out when I woke up I was in her body (rp wanted)
I'm a professional porn swapper: I swap with pornstars before their shoots when then don't want to perform certain scenes but still want to be paid. Today Peta only wanted a break from work. It's so nice to have the ride of your life without worrying to have your dick crushed. What a bouncy pair!
My family read about the “New Year, New You Family Swap Challenge” where all family members randomly swap for a full year. As soon as the clock struck midnight, I found myself in my cousin’s body. And now our family is at the beach. I feel so awkward (RP)
Me and two of my friends had a bet, I lost and now the two losers have to pop x-changes and do whatever the winner tells them to for an entire night! He says we’re going out to a club and we’re gonna be “his bitches” what am I gonna do?!
When second puberty hit me, my marriage was on the rocks. My wife wasn’t gay, so it seemed we were heading for a divorce. Then New Years Eve came and she certainly surprised me when midnight struck.. (RP)
I was at a new years party when I kissed this girl when it was midnight as we kiss our bodies suddenly swapped (rp wanted)
23 F UK - ANYONE WHO WANTS TO POSSESS A FEMALE BODY AM HERE
I watched as you transformed into some kind of gas, forcing your way down her throat and spreading to every limb- I’d just witnessed a possession. I run over, “Hey, you okay?” I ask, shaking you as you stood there, rigid.
Ever since the great shift left me as a woman... I've been going crazy with power. I specifically went out dressed in leather and 'domme' outfits, I was looking for cute girls who turned into men~ Nothing was better than the big strong men squirming around desperately under me...
I was so excited. I just got my promotion and was going to celebrate with a hooked tonight. As I began to undress she muttered some words and suddenly we swapped bodies… I thought it was some joke but she had every intention of leaving me here like this… (RP)
Something was wrong; the way you’d been acting, talking, dressing. You’d even stopped talking about that guy who was stalking you, ‘The hopper’ you called him, desperate to just touch you! I’m grateful things are finally back to normal, right…
Claire, a neighbor rich girl, mysteriously appeared at my house one day. She offered me a life changing, yet permanent, experience if I agreed and signed a paper. I wasn't quite sure, but she was always sweet so I signed. The next day I found myself suddenly in her bed, waking up groggy by a note.
I might've let things get a little out of hand. When I found the device that allowed me to swap body parts of two people I began constructing my dream girl on well... myself. But once I got to the last part the device just stopped! Before I could alter reality, too. How was I gonna explain this?
Many people knew about the magic swap mirror in the big library. 1 look in this mirror and you would randomly transform into someone of the opposite gender. I used it often but this time I didn't want to go back. So I broke the mirror! Now everybody is stuck! How did you end up? (Open rp\AMA)
When my GF said she wanted to spend the weekend at Lesbos Island, I was fully aware of the consequences and totally OKAY with spending 3 days as a woman in a female friendly nudist resort. I however was not expecting getting fuller breasts. She's both so jealous and turned on by my literal fun bags!
The charitable program Life Aid has proven popular among the socially-conscious college girls. In partnership with the Swap Clinic, they donate their bodies to the homeless for a few hours or days each week, allowing down-on-their-luck men to experience stable lives free of physical and mental woes
Liam was surfing as a huge wave hit him and threw him on the beach. He noticed that he is a girl and everyone on the beach is naked. A group of people signals him over. He looks at them. “Where are my clothes?” They look at him confused. “Leah, what are clothes?” A guy asks him (RP)
Your mom never liked me, and didn't want me staying over. Using a costume gun I turned her into a suit, and now I can be over as much as I want...as her (RP)
The House of Change - Part Four
❤️Let’s play a “game” ❤️
I caught the Busty Flu two weeks ago and my family threw me into my room for the next few weeks, “finally I can leave my room” I step into the kitchen where everyone was and the room went silent and everyone’s jaws dropped, my parents just gained a new daughter
Things have been a little awkward since the Great Shift. I was the only one in my friend group who swapped into another guy, everyone else became beautiful women. Now I feel like I don’t fit in with them as much, plus everyone thinks they’re my harem!
Notice: Can all hospital staff in LT organ storage remember to DOUBLE CHECK all donor brains prior to sending them for implantation. Dr Hall and I are TIRED of explaining to confused patients why they're in female bodies young enough to be their daughters. Thank you
I really hope this chick doesn’t mind what I’m using her body for, I have a big messy kink… just hope nobody steals my clothes…
Thanks to the recent phone hack- people could get control of others bodies, using VR headsets to control and experience stolen lives. Now you never know if you’re on a date or taking out a bored, Middle-aged man pretending to be young again.
There was no logical explanation. Mysteriously at midnight on the new year I felt myself no longer in my family home but standing at a bar, across from a man giving me a questioning look. This wasn't my body, and I had no idea where the hell I was now! Or even who I was!
Wait, where'd the swap ring go? If I don't have it, my friends and I are never getting our bodies back! I don't even know who tell first! It even seems like some of them actually love being hot bikini babes and I got stuck being chunky! Which one are you? And how are you going to take the news?
"Mmmm someone's put on some holiday pounds... just like your mom." My father growls in satisfaction, squeezing my thighs. I should've known there was a reason he was insisting on feeding me so much of my least healthy favourite foods over the holidays. Turns out, they were all laced with estrogen
Little did Rach know there was a chip I slipped in her food from Christmas dinner that now allows me to take her place anytime anywhere. Gotta say for my first experience I surely enjoyed being her last night at her new years eve party that she attended. Felt sexy in that dress, heels, and thong 😉
New Body New Year who will I be for 2022 you decided
"Shit I shouldn't have sent that to her boyfriend" on my 18th birthday I went out drinking to celebrate but at somepoint I blacked out and woke up in my sisters bedroom and her body as well "fuck I think I'm in trouble now"(RP)
I dont know how, but im am able to possess my family maid's body at will. me being a young horny guy, i immediately found my sisters dildo and started using it. since nobody is usually home anyway except me and her. i would then spend my days looking up my weird ability while fucking a dildo.
(M4A) "So... How do I look?" You'd ask the man who summoned you. You were a powerful, shapeshifting, male demon who's latest master seemed particularly interested in the shapeshifting part~ He's been coming up with new forms for you to take, and you had to admit, this latest one was rather cute~"
And I wait
When the FOSE happened the world was stunned. People were waking up screaming(from shock and pleasure) all over. Me, though I woke up feeling warm sticky liquid hitting my face and a hand tweaking a now sensitive nipple. I would later find out that I'm a cashier at a grocery store I used to go to(rp
I’d spotted you, walking up behind that poor girl while she was shopping, sticking your hands between her shoulders as she went vacant before stepping inside completely and shaking violently. “What the fuck are you doing?” I say angrily as you assume your new form.
SwapApp was made with the best of intentions. However, it was easily hacked- encouraging people to take bodies for unspecified amounts of time with no confirmation. Looks like my fiancé was their newest victim.
I had the ability to swap anything with other people with their permission. And when my mom found out about it, she suggested that I do a full swap with her for a while.I couldn't refuse her, so I started the swap. But when i did it, I realized that along with my life, my ability had gone too(RP)
You went through your second puberty a week ago. Here we are, laying in the grass listening to music. I was relaxed but i saw you smile and grabbed my hand. I look at you. You wanted this to be a date. For me to be yours. “Hey” i take out one ear bud from your ear (rp)
You're wife signed up for the "Helpful Hopper" program to allow people to hop into her body for a chance to live a different life temporarily. However it seemed people used thr program for other purposes...(rp limited)
Ah crap my magic amulet ran out of power right as my boyfriend is coming home! He’s gonna see the real me, a big fat curvy chick instead of the small cute skinny girl I’ve been disguised as! (RP)
It was just a silly little bet between friends, I mean what else are we supposed to do to keep ourselves busy? You bet me I couldn't go a week as a girl and if I won you'd be next, but I folded two days in... now I get to spend the next month like this.
I was mocking a friend over discord until she got completely fed up. I made one too many jokes about “gamer girls”, and somehow she made me into one. Now I’m a chick who acts exactly how “real gamers” tell me. I send you a message over discord asking for your help. (RP)
My boss came to me with an ultimatum, sign the contract or be fired. Of course I signed. I should have read it because it meant I would swap with his wife! Apparently it's a new thing. It's jarring, but the upper class life is nice. As my friend, would you think I'm crazy if renew it for 6 months?
My mother Olivia and I went to vacation on a island that had a strange history. We heard that it was haunted with spirts that want to start a new life. Some people that left the island were never the same. We thought it was a joke. Not until I saw a spirt behind my mother slowly possessing her..
